welcome to the W show sorry one sec oh
no not this time
[Laughter]
dang we have got a great show lined up
for you guys today we are finally going
to be doing the segment where I find out
if uh I was right or Reddit was right
about the difficulties that I had
unsubscribing from Apple arcade on my
Apple TV actually even if it does work
properly that might mean something
changed but we'll get into that a little
bit later uh we're also going to be
addressing the community response to our
Nvidia Super Series review and hey maybe
I left something for Luke to talk about
he's got to pick topics now so he can't
be distracted by his phone yeah that's
what I thought Luke uh did you talk
about the EVS nope oh nice okay so GM is
to bring back uh plug-in hybrid EVS
which is awesome actually yeah hilarious
something that we've been asking for for
a while now and ever since they stopped
making the Vault I was like Wow an
amazing car what a terrible decision how
could they make this oh okay yeah they
unmade the decision which is great good
job um did you talk about the neuralink
nope and neuralink was put in a person
someone someone agreed to do that Luke
could you pay less attention yes not
much
[Music]
though
no the show is brought to you today by
odd pieces manscaped and squar space uh
why don't we jump into the uh Community
response to the Invidia Super Series
review so uh we decided rather than to
spread our coverage of nvidia's super
lineup the 4070 super super 470 TI super
and 480 super over I think it was a
grand total of I want to say I think it
was n it was like it was it was
somewhere between seven and nine total
embargo dates uh between the no I think
it was seven I think it was seven
because they had the announcement then
they had unboxing embargos for each card
then they had review embargos for each
card no then they also had a separate
they had a separate review embargo for
partner cards rather than Founders
edition cards for at least some of it
was it was some ludicrous number of
embargo dates and I was kind of sitting
here going okay so basically what you
want is you want video after video after
video after video that is just dedicated
to talking about a midcycle
refresh sorry no so what we're going to
do is we're just going to consolidate it
into one video however there is one
super thing that people are pretty upset
about in this particular video and that
was the nonin inclusion of amd's RX 7900
XTX seeing as it's widely viewed as an
important competitor to the 480 super uh
not least of which because it is at the
sameish MSRP it's actually a little bit
lower from the listings that I've seen
somewhere in the kind of
93040 to $950 range um USD yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah not not in Rubles
Canadian Canadian our price it's like
that's really far off yeah no no no no
no so basically I was in the room when
it happened when we made the decision to
not include the 7900
XTX um I have some of my own thoughts
about why we ultimately made the call
that we did to include the suite of
cards that we did but I'm going to start
with the news team summary from Adam who
was the writer on that project and who
worked with the labs on it uh basically
point a uh the decision to incl to
exclude the 7900 XTX was based on a
combo combination of relevance and
testing capacity uh we saw this as a
review of the new Super Series as a
whole it was not a review of the 480
super even though we did Target close to
the 480 super embargo since that was the
last one from the lineup uh the 4080
super is anywhere from 2 to 3% faster
than a base 4080 U making it more of a a
refresh with a price cut essentially is
how we kind of laid it out in the video
we refer to it as 4080 refresh 4080
um internally we were calling it 4080
refried 4080 Redux
um retesting cards for up-to-date
results takes time we tested a total of
11 cards for this video we haven't fully
rolled out our our new standardized test
benches that allow us to test in
parallel yet so there was a limited
number of cards that we were able to if
you are interested in that there's a
video on that that's awesome yeah where
they test all the CPUs go back can check
that out um we actually ended up adding
a couple of cards that weren't in the
original meeting and there was one more
spot where we kind of went okay can we
test one more card if so what will it be
and the debate was between the 7700 XT
and the 7900 XTX and the decision was
okay let's go with the 7700 XT we don't
want to cut the older cards we've gotten
really good feedback from people that
it's really nice to have popular older
cards so we we chose our previous
generation cards based on um what is
still holding really strong in the steam
Hardware survey we didn't want to cut
those cuz we've gotten really good
feedback on them and we figured that the
7700 XT would give additional context
for the lower priced cards that would be
relevant to the greater number of
viewers obviously not everyone agrees um
number two is being selective about how
many cards we retest test in every video
is an important consideration to avoid
unnecessary stress and overtime uh this
is one of those funny things where it's
always um it's always kind of damned if
you do damned if you don't catch 22 if
we test 35 cards um I'm going to be
questioned on why we have so much crunch
here if we test three cards I'm going to
be questioned on why we're so lazy here
uh at the end of the day you know
there's always trade-offs and we
ultimately made the trade-off to go with
the 7700 XT rather than the 7900 XTX
uh there's a lot of stuff going on in
the tech world right now
and I got to be honest with you
guys this wasn't the most exciting one
yeah and you know coming back to sort of
my thoughts on it first of all we are
going to uh we're going to address it um
I think someone is is doing some OT this
weekend to test 7900 XTX we're going to
get those numbers added um but you know
the the reality of it is looking at the
percentage of people that are are very
upset about this versus the percentage
of people who are actually buying a 7900
XTX um they're very very different and
what it seems like to me is that this is
one of those things where Maybe video is
just like not the right format like one
of the one of the challenges too is you
can only include so many cards if you
want to have averages which do matter
chart and 1% lows that which in my mind
are actually more important if you want
to have all of that in a in a 16x9 you
graph it starts to get kind of illegible
past a certain point and I'm kind of
looking at it going man you know maybe
the solution is why why why why exactly
are we doing a review for a GPU
anymore I mean we killed power supplies
10 years ago we killed motherboards like
9 years ago as sort of here's a product
that merits a full l video it didn't
particularly perform better than no no
it didn't particularly perform well at
all in spite of the fact that it was a
ton of work like man let me tell you the
cards that we did test guys it was
meticulous we put so much flipping work
into this stuff and I'm sitting here
going if it's not about what you're
actually going to buy which is the
feedback that I'm kind of hearing right
now and it's more about what you just
you want it you want to see it compared
right like you want to see you know the
green horse versus the red horse which
one ran the fastest and that's fair
enough that's totally valid but that
doesn't need to be a video and maybe the
long-term solution is the lab's website
and we just basically go okay yeah the
card comes in we test the stuffing out
of it and if it's actually interesting
then we make an LT video and we put all
the all the effort into all the
different ways that we present the
graphs and so they're paced with the
script and all the things that go into
making an entertaining uh dense video I
mean I'm actually other than that one
miss which I acknowledge 100% yeah
looking back at it I flagged it um I was
like hey we should probably have the
7900 XTX and the argument that was made
to me as I recall was well here's the
thing the 7900 XT has dropped in price
so much and that it actually makes a ton
of sense now and so by taking this end
of things and just having the 480 super
be there as a th000 card I mean to be
clear we never recommended spending
$1,000 on a GPU at all so just yeah
having that thing sit there and be its
thing and then looking at anything that
we actually think might be worth buying
in more detail is the right approach and
I kind of went okay I mean I the
Enthusiast I'm curious I'd want to know
okay how does the 7900 XTX stack up
against the 480 super it really is a a
fairly Apples to Apples comparison but I
accepted that I accepted that reasoning
and I accepted the rest of the reasoning
that's in uh that's in our notes here
today and we ultimately didn't include
it um other than that honestly I'm I
think it's a great video it's really
short um one of our goals going into it
was to spend
absolutely zero zero time wasting the
viewers time so from the moment this
video
starts there we go
oh viewer time wasted there we go yeah
exactly from the moment this video
starts to the first performance graph is
sorry sorry it happened really fast is
uh 5
Seconds we wanted to get to the point
right away and then our next graph where
we
basically start laying things out here
we go we compare it to an older card
comes at about a minute and then we get
into actual results within about 80
seconds so that was our goal we spent a
total of 13 minutes to go through this
whole kind of sort of interesting launch
we talked about the changes in pricing
we talked about the changes in
performance and yeah there's a card
missing from the graphs but I found it
oh what'd you find I found the
card so card located yeah I can actually
tell you about that so noticing that hey
maybe we should acknowledge this card um
I think actually ran some testing over
the weekend and then we added that table
um but we didn't remake all of the
graphs because we were like okay it's
$1,000 GPU how many people are actually
buying this versus versus for most
people actually shopping um how much of
the information have we presented in
this video um yeah swinging a Miss but
overall I'm
still I still think this is a good
direction
reducing the amount of time that it
takes to process these sort
of
uninteresting refreshes and the main
takeaway for me from this whole
experience of that man do you remember
when one Nvidia GPU was like millions of
views and people were
excited and now three Nvidia gpus
I saw one comment that really stood out
to me um and it
was minus nothing personal this isn't
your fault but I'm out this is
boring uh these gpus are boring I don't
care
and I think I think Nvidia feels the
same way yeah what's their stock up like
six points today or something like that
I don't even know I can yeah it has
nothing to do with the RTX 40 series
super launch
um Five Points I don't know it's it's
funny reading comments like this I
usually agree with lonus but uh you know
hard pass on this reasoning what
reasoning I said it was a Miss what do
you what do you I'm explaining why it
wasn't in there cuz that's what people
want to know and then I'm saying it was
a Miss I don't really know what there is
to disagree with at that point here was
our reasoning no we were wrong that
person thinks it shouldn't have been in
the video I'm joking I'm joking I'm
joking well that makes more sense
know he's agreeing with the original
decision
um yeah I I
just I just I just think video just
might not be the right format for this
anymore though and I think it might
depend on the card right but what cards
yeah name okay I bet you have 5,000
series launch even if the difference is
this small I bet you a 5,000 series
launch would kill here's the problem the
problem is that 5,000 series is going to
be flipping fast because Nvidia has to
do all of the development anyway in
order to make better AI accelerators so
it's going to be flipping fast but I
wouldn't be surprised at all to see a
5090 or you know whatever they end up
calling it TI super RTI who who knows
anymore what their naming scheme so
whatever the 5090 whatever that
equivalent Halo TI your card is I
wouldn't be surprised to see it at
$2,000 and what Gamers have shown Nvidia
time and time again is that they'll pay
yeah because some something to consider
something that I think the the
components buyers don't necessarily
think about that much because it's a
really different perspective is that for
most people a $400 difference in the
GPU is actually only about an 8%
difference in the total cost cost of the
system they were planning to buy if
you're buying a system that would have a
4090 or 90 or whatever else like some
kind of Halo speec card in it you are
spending probably somewhere between $3
to $5,000 on that computer and so when
you play around with the sliders you're
not looking at oh I just spent twice as
much on my GPU you're looking at oh I
just
spent 25% more on the total system for
you know so let's say call it a 50%
increase in performance or you know
whatever that increase is generationally
um so the calculus is really different
and most people don't build their own
computers so the market reality that
someone like an Nvidia is setting their
price according to is not aligned with
the reality that we see when we put
together like a a price to Performance
like a like an FPS per dollar chart or
something like that because the FPS per
dollar that we calculate is based on
only the card pricing whereas someone
who's buying a computer someone who's
buying a fully completed system is not
actually looking at it that
way
yeah anyway yeah we got a million views
and so I'm sitting here going do you
think that was imp like do you think it
would have gotten more views if the uh
if the sentiment around it was better
because the 7900 XTX was included no I
don't think so I think it's a it's it's
it's sep it's a small number of people
who are upset about it in the grand
scheme of things the like dislike ratio
on this video I can bring this up for
you guys is actually not abnormal in any
way um here let me pull it
up here we
go
analytics so it's net positive for
subscribers
engagement is about a percent below
Channel average but it started out for
the first probably 8 hours or so a
perent above Channel average uh it
started out being received extremely
well and then over time as people have
piled into the comments um it's been
received much more poorly sentiment
shifting yep sentiment shifted and seen
that before and so uh oh yeah view
duration is oh view duration is
extremely
low what wow you gave them the whole
story at 5 Seconds right oh this is
amazing so yeah this is this is what
happens when you're basically like okay
yeah here's the deal here's what's up
with this thing in the first two minutes
so we get to 1080p results and
everyone's like see you later so this
gray band right here is your typical
duration for a video of this length your
or your typical retention on this
channel so this is specifically relevant
to our Channel
um all anyone wants to see is a
graph and then the rest of it is just
kind of
like noise
apparently um so this is one of those
things
where I think people think they want to
see a lot of graphs and a lot of
visualizations and a lot of analysis
they want it to be interesting but what
they actually want is to watch an
interesting video and what really stands
out to me about this particular one is
and to be clear I'm not saying we're not
going to cover gpus I'm just
saying it's probably going to end up
being on short circuit or not be like a
default you're not going to cover it by
default anymore or we'll do it but not
bother doing it at embargo why are we
bothering Let's test it sure we'll test
it before embargo we'll make sure that
thing's actually interesting and then
let's put together a cool project with
it or something rather than just saying
here's a GPU because or or maybe we
consolidate it you know we do a
quarterly GPU update that's kind of cool
I would I would click on that personally
because the problem with the problem
with at launch videos and and this is an
inherent problem this is not something
that I think anyone can solve is that
you're taking the manufacturer's word
for what the street pricing is going to
be and that ended up causing a lot of
backlash toward the reviewer Community
back when Nvidia and their Partners were
increasing pricing on the 3D series
because we would review a card with the
best information we have at the time and
then it would turn out that it would
have a street price that's 20 30 50 100%
higher and all of a sudden it's our
fault and we're sitting here going for
crying out loud guys I
yeah in the past they've been off by a
little bit but my goodness this has
never happened like this before MH and
so if we do something like a quarterly
update then we can basically just go
okay yeah here's the actual Street
pricing here's the testing for this
particular card the one that anyone is
actually buying because we can look at
okay what's getting the most reviews
what is actually ranking high on you
know best sellers at sites like Newegg
or Amazon or Best Buy or whatever the
case may be and we can give you guys a a
snapshot of what the market looks like
without any constraints like being
limited to pricing information that is
provided to us in a very optimistic form
by the GPU chipset maker
yeah right so the reason I had uh the
reason I had brought this up was because
here hold on I'm just going to uh filter
by and to be clear guys views is not the
be all and end all it's not the only
reason we make videos we make videos
because we think something's really cool
or we make it because um we some we
think this is something that's never
been done before or because we think
it's something people really need to
know um occasionally it's just because
I'm really passionate about something I
want to talk about it uh we have a video
coming up soon that is not going to get
a lot of views uh it's going to be
called stop calling them
Chromebooks oh and it's basically um I I
don't know video essay or kind of a a
chat about how I believe that
Chromebooks are going to become laptops
we're not going to call them Chromebooks
anymore we're going to call them laptops
because did you know that it is one
checkbox now to
just turn Chrome OS into I can install
any Linux thing that I
want well I know I had no idea yeah so
chrom
OS is Linux CH might be the team foress
hat so that that's my thesis how many
people I just speedran how many people I
can piss off
I know I know
sorry that's not going to get a ton of
views um so my point is that it's not
the only calculus but it is something
that we have to at least
consider uh we have people who I
actually it turns out cannot pay in
graphics cards and water bottles uh they
do need to be paid with money and if we
aren't making content that people and
and and the other thing is that if it's
not getting
use well that's an indication that it's
something people don't want to
watch and so we should definitely be
making videos people want to watch and I
mean have a look at have a look at the
other stuff we uploaded in the last
little while so for this graphics card
um we get you know this will end up
probably in the 1.3 1.4 range uh it has
a below average so our average is around
97.5% for like dislike ratio Okay so
so I did a tour of a building we bought
talking about how we're going to run
lands there people flipping love it way
more
viewership uh we collab with someone
cool like medy electroboom that video is
fun people flip in love it and watch the
crap out of it we just we come in on the
weekend and just upgrade the network
infrastructure above
average even even even this even this
dry as post uh hey here's 12 CPUs and we
tested them yeah it didn't get views
which we knew it wasn't going to but we
just thought it was really important
this a sick video though so let's see
how far back we have to go to find
something that people are just as
apathetic about as nvidia's super launch
let's keep going let's keep going let's
keep going I mean even okay here we go
here we go here we go no even this
sponsored video on asus's zephrus laptop
refresh can't get that low let's keep
going and guys no I I don't think that
all this negativity just comes down to
that people are actually that upset
about one GPU that wasn't
included here we go here it is fr airjet
where we like mangled that
MacBook
um where we mangled that
uh and I think that really a big part of
that was probably the title uh We've
updated the title now to include for
systems whatever that usually happens
anywhere from a week to 3 weeks after we
upload we'll add a more a better
descriptor at the end um but I think
some people thought it was going to be
more something Apple can do immediately
or something and so there was there was
a little bit of bounce off of that video
but overall it was one that the comments
are overwhelmingly positive on so I
think it was just um I mean everything
is just kind of like crystal ball um at
a certain point
you know why why did people like this or
not like it and you can you can read a
lot of comments you can look at a lot of
analytics but it's there's always going
to be a little bit of guesswork involved
uh but at the end of the
day yeah this
um it's a high-risk low reward
video I I like the idea of we'll still
produce that type of content yeah it'll
just be an article on the lab's website
it'll be a craft and if it's in the
creation of that we're like whoo there's
a cool story here now there's a video
now there's a video cuz that's that's
something we've discussed about how the
lab site could work for a really long
time so you can still come to lineus
techtips lus Media Group to get this
type of information just clearly you're
sniping the video for graphs anyways so
just go to the site and get the graphs
yeah yeah like that that way there's
just there's zero wasting of anyone's
time this is all you want to know anyway
yeah and then we need to test the stuff
anyhow because I want to do I want to do
more build videos and stuff like that I
want I want to do cool builds I want to
do more uh I want to do more roundups I
want to do more um just kind of updates
keeping people up to dat so we have to
do the testing anyway but we don't have
to do it on embargo day we don't have to
do it under constraints like not having
proper access to what the exact pricing
is going to be prior to pull like crazy
fever dream all nighters and so weekends
and stuff like that yep I think you know
at the end of the day this is not
entirely my decision this is something
that we're going to talk to the team
about but it's also not something that I
think is that outlandish anymore and
we've seen this decline over time this
is not the first time we've asked the
question should we do GPU reviews
anymore I think the first I'm trying to
think I'm trying to think of a GPU that
launched
um looking at all the negativity around
40 series that was that was certainly a
time when we wondered I would say
probably around the time of
4060 series and the
7600 we were just looking at it
going if AMD and Nvidia can't even care
about this
category how can they possibly expect
their customers to care and if their
customers don't
care why are we why are we covering it
m
yeah man uh I'm trying to think probably
the peak would have been the
announcement of the
3080 when was that
exactly
um I think you'll be surprised how long
ago it was I'm trying to so that was
also at a very particular time which
makes sense why it would have peaked
September 17th 2020 when everyone was
like it I'm going to stay indoors for a
super long time this was the peak and
you can play video games on computers
5.1 million views and yeah it's been
three years or whatever but don't kid
yourself nobody's watching that today
yeah uh that was that would that took
off like a rocket ship and then the
actual
review yeah that was the last time
people cared about a GPU launch yeah
what was the 4 80 launch brutal uh yeah
we can have a look 4080
right 1.1 million no way no one cared no
way dude pricing it's a $1,200 graphics
card who gives a sh yeah fair enough
$1,200 I could buy I could buy a
PlayStation 5 I could buy an Xbox series
X I could buy an extra controller for
each of my
Bros for each sorry for each of those
consoles so you know you know me and my
little brother or my little sister can
play together and some games no cuz it's
500 bucks each for those consoles is it
yeah well okay not if I get the not if I
get the digital Edition but if I'm
buying first-party controllers you're
also probably getting bundles if I don't
buy first party controllers though yeah
I might even be able to squeeze in a TV
maybe May it'd be that I was I was I was
assuming once you had of the second
console and stuff I was assuming you
weren't going the TV route oh okay okay
okay no but or I could or to your point
I could buy a console a full complement
of first-party controllers and a decent
TV and your console is very likely
coming with a bundle at Le ridiculous
like it just doesn't it doesn't make any
sense
anymore
yeah so I don't know I just and I'm
tired of being
mad isn't anyone else just tired of
being mad I don't know if they are but I
am it's
exhausting yeah yeah yeah it is I don't
know and like to be completely honest um
a lot of the old cards are
fine I don't know uh like 1440p
monitors uh 90 to 144 frames per second
decently old cards are running a lot of
new games no problem yep I mean at very
respectable settings we did this video a
little while back only you can this is a
this is probably a bad title I I don't
know how to fix it though because it's
sort of
um
yeah I don't know how to fix it but
basically I I scrapyard scrapyard wared
a single GPU the only solution to GPU
pricing yeah
um what a great intro that was beg to
GPU
anyway the point is
um instead of being mad just don't give
them your money yeah buy a secondhand
GPU there's a lot of them out there and
they're generally in a really good
condition I don't think I've or not
personally ever bought one that ended up
being a problem or with a little bit of
mcgyver noow I mean the one that I
bought in this video had a fan that was
a little bit squeaky yeah um okay but
that's fixable with like a $4 fan off of
AliExpress like
the I uh I'm I'm I it would be very
offbrand for me to say well then H I
don't know the fan could uh the fan
could make a little bit of extra noise
so you should probably buy a brand new
card yeah that's not that's not that's
not me that's never going to be me
[Music]
guys yeah like someone in chat I think I
lost the message but uh let's see red
pigeon in chat said my 3080 it's a
pretty highend card U but my 3080 still
runs everything I play perfectly the
only game it struggles in at high
settings is cyber Punk which is like an
extremely insanely hard game to run
especially high setting it's also one
game yeah so play it and then
just run it at like medium it medium yes
it actually still looks really good at
medium yeah
um I feel like we do end
up I feel like we do end up getting kind
of taunted into spending more on a GPU
sometimes by just the existence of
higher detail sliders uh I do I do
Wonder as much as a as a geek I love
that CD project red just keeps adding
new technology to cyberpunk you don't
have to turn it on though it's the
coolest thing ever I mean it's the new
it's the new crisis they they literally
add settings that they know that no
Modern Hardware can possibly push at a
at a reasonable frame rate but I I do I
do wonder if that ends up almost having
like a negative effect on people like
the existence of that slider makes them
feel bad about their GPU and if they
just set it to a lower setting and then
just never looked at it at you know Ray
Trace
Ultra Overkill you know preset or
whatever they would just enjoy the game
and and and be happy with it yeah I mean
some of the biggest games this year po
world you don't need a freaking powerful
GPU to play P world no not at all B Gate
3 is going to run fine oh yeah uh I I
for a period of time ran Ballers Gate 3
on a uh uh Titan RTX which is 2080
equivalent I think roughly no problem
whatsoever 280 TI 280 TI okay yeah 2080
was a lot lower than 2080 TI because
nvidia's naming scheme means nothing
it's ridiculous yeah um but but still
that's that's multiple Generations back
and I I don't think I noticed a huge
difference when I put in one of the
newer more powerful cards it's just like
whatever so that's two of the biggest
games in the last quite a while neither
of which would have an issue with with a
2000 series card let alone a three or
four you can run a lethal company on
potato that's another game that blew up
recently yep speaking of running games
on a potato we finally did it a potato
powered
computer no okay good run for like a
second if you got it to turn on at all
you probably could I have no idea the
potato computer
what it's water cooled
what because of course it
is you're not going to explain are you
it's a potato computer there's nothing
to explain we built a computer in a
potato in a
potato is this like a a special variety
of potato that's extremely large no oh
it's a russet
[Laughter]
potato see that's probably going to get
more views than the 480 super refr fresh
oh it'll get way more yeah and it's also
way cooler because it's interesting
honestly it's it's technology that's
actually moving really fast right now
like we cuz what we're highlighting is
amd's apus and how okay and so there's
this really cool minis Forum system that
we use to that we dismantle in order to
to make our potato PC that
is shockingly small cuz I haven't seen
anyone integrate these processors these
these really powerful apus that amd's
been coming out with over the last year
or so in anything other than a handheld
gaming PC or a laptop where you can only
make them so small because they have to
have screens and batteries and and and
things that you don't need in a
standalone PC so things like this
big it's it's freaking tiny and we were
like can we finally do it anyway a lot
of shenanigans ensues because it's me
and David who we seem to have developed
a bit of a Vibe uh for the projects that
we work on together but uh you guys
aren't going to want to miss that one
it's a lot of fun I just want to jump to
this to to talk about your previous
point oh sure um so there's an Xbox
series X oh that's Canadian pricing
though yeah yeah oh I see my point
though yes is that it comes with 24
months of Game Pass ultimate oh
wow so for um half the price
of a 480 super yeah you can have this
and I think this is actually slightly
less than half the price and two years
of playing does it come with EA play too
yeah it comes with both yeah
hilarious so and like this is Canadian
dollars so when you when you look at 480
super in Canadian dollars there is
easily enough money to get a very solid
TV on top of this I talked to in video
about this at CES I was basically like
look guys um I get it you know silicon's
expensive it's not like it's not like
you set tsmc's pricing I understand that
um
and I also understand you guys are a
public company you have to maintain you
know your margins in order to make sure
that stock price go up and all those
things that you have to do I guess in
order to in order to maintain your
health and and keep investing in the
future of technology and all that stuff
and and they do that stuff they they
build really cool technology I'll never
hate on Nvidia for their Tech it's
amazing um but guys you have to kind of
understand what's going on here right
now you are alienating your your
Evangelical users you are yeah even
worse than alienating you are you are
creating a culture of apathy in the
gaming Enthusiast Community they're just
bored and that is a huge problem not
today not tomorrow but it will be that's
going to be an enormous problem unless
you just don't care and if you just
don't care then fine
um but you know if there's anything that
you can do to convey this to the higher
ups that it would be maybe prudent at
some point
to do something
exciting
um I think you should consider
it and it's not like I'm sure that went
nowhere unfortunately oh yeah I know
yeah but I mean I had to say it sure
what am I going to do not say it yeah
get mad and Nvidia Nvidia knows how to
do exciting 8800 GT when Nvidia decides
to be exciting they can do
it 30 series launch that was
exciting and when they decide not to be
exciting well they know how to do that
too no no when I say exciting guys I
don't just mean worthy of purchase at
all I mean exciting 8800 GT was a moment
of gaming excitement all of a sudden for
literally half the price
with some compromises it had less vram
uh but you could get performance that
was close to what the the day prior
would have cost you
$500 uh I have to make some
clarifications sure apparently the Xbox
all Game Pass ultimate all access
something or other whatever I called it
is some form of financing option thing
oh is that why so you pay for it over 24
months and then it comes with Game Pass
ultimate so you you pay for like the
console and Game Pass ultimate as a
subscription for 24 months oh okay but
then I think you own the console at the
end or something I don't know okay well
however it works you were so far below
the cost of the GPU anyway that I still
think we're in the clear yeah cuz I
found this anyways that's US Dollars
yeah so there you go oh they're oh wow
they're under 500 now wow Microsoft must
really need to move some units I don't
think Sony's discounted PS5 if anything
they've increased the
price it's freaking February yeah what
apparently it's 0% interest that
24-month payment thing okay I I don't
know I don't know anything about it I'm
not suggesting Finance models I just
found the one that isn't financing is US
dollars because that's the main thing
we're having the conversation in and
it's less than 500 bucks so the point
still completely
stands here's our discussion
topic you are
now um let's say 15-year-old
Luke sick yeah I know you know you're
stronger I'm happy smarter faster things
are improving in general
yeah I'm not as broken do you need to
talk are you okay things are great okay
so you're 15-year-old Luke yeah um the
one the one thing going well the one
thing that's worse is that you don't
have any money mhm mhm okay I was very
broke everything else was better but you
don't have any money
yeah do you take up PC gaming right now
uh probably not or do you just CU back
then I W I didn't really care I cared I
mean this is still honestly kind of true
just PCS can play so much more now um
true but back then I I was in it for the
games for the most part and I got
interested in computers mostly because I
needed to learn how to work with them
and fix them and and keep them going to
be able to play games and like I needed
to learn basic networking because my
friend and I wanted to play Diablo On
Lan and then I needed to learn still
basic but slightly less basic networking
because we wanted to have lands of like
a bunch of computers and multiple Xboxes
all at the same time and I wanted to be
able to host servers for things and all
this kind of stuff that was all largely
because of games and that's what drove
my passion for technology um but we
pretty much always had consoles at the
same time and I would always pretty much
play
both um because like I talk about how
Morin was my favorite game of all time
all the time I didn't play it on PC I
had it on Xbox I played the crap out of
the Halo games not on PC y I played them
on Xbox we had a some of my favorite
memories of playing games with my dad
were on Super Nintendo and N64 like and
he played Warcraft 2 on Playstation 1
not on PC no I'm just kidding please
don't do that no U and we we had PCS as
well but it was it was about like what
game I felt like playing at the time and
if PCS were this hard to get into
um yeah I mean we didn't have a ton of
money it would have come down to a
costing issue and would have stuck with
consoles like just is what it is and I
probably still would have gotten
interested in technology because I still
would have been having Lands still would
have had to network these consoles
together and stuff but like
yeah yeah yeah I mean looking back when
I got into computer games I got into
games that could run on a
computer I wasn't we didn't have a fancy
computer I don't think we had a
dedicated graphics card until I needed
to play Civilization 2 test of time and
in order for the full motion video um
diplomats and stuff or emissaries to
show up you had to have um just you had
to support a some level of direct 3D I I
forget what it was but I I basically
went to bargain bites you know some hole
in the wall computer shop in mission of
all places and I was like okay uh this
is the minimum requirement on the box
I'm pretty sure I physically brought the
box I need something I need something
that this and until then we didn't even
have a dedicated graphics card so
everything was like CPU accelerated my
point isn't um isn't that you know we
couldn't have bought a GPU instead of a
console or something like that my point
is that it was just there I fell into it
we are asking for people to make an
enormous commitment to PC gaming before
they ever actually fire up a game yeah
the fact that the 40 super refresh
didn't do anything for the sub $500
range is what people should be talking
about right now yeah the fact that 4060
series Nvidia kind of looked at at this
point and went yeah that seems fine
is ridiculous to
me I'm trying to see on New Egg right
now what I can get for less than
$449 USD like if I'm an American Shopper
yeah and so I set my filter down here to
449 cap um so I can I can get an entire
Xbox series X yeah um with the
controller and stuff or I can get
there isn't really like uh what's this
are hold on hold on have you filtered
for things that are in stock and shipped
by New Egg um sold by New Egg yeah okay
there we go in stock a lot of pop-ups
new new egg has turned into a gigantic
piece of lately it's very annoying
it's it it used to be an oasis of easy
filtering and and somewhat intuitive
shopping and now it's just awful though
it's not nearly as bad as Amazon uh did
you see I added a I added a segment uh
just called like Amazon sucks or
something like that I want to do I want
to do a fun little demo for you as soon
as you're done with this
y yeah I'm I'm trying in different
filter options and stuff I just did best
rating um sure okay so what do we got
4060 TI
awesome I think is probably our best one
so for $400 is that the 8 gig version
though nice yeah so for
$400 do you know how much eight gigs of
gddr6
costs I'll give you a hint not a lot
like nothing
yeah oh
man yeah 460 TI I'm not really seeing
above that I
think um there's 7600 XTS and stuff but
those are those are lower at that point
you're saving like almost 100 bucks um
I'm not saying it's a bad deal I'm just
trying to look for ones that are closely
priced to that Xbox here we go here's
425 what do I get for 425 3070
okay so I get how when did the 37 Prett
monster deal on
this so basically I can buy some ancient
card from October of
2020 that's right friends I I can buy a
three and a 3 and A4 year old GPU that
launched for hold on hold on 3070 launch
price that launched at $4.99 sorry what
was it priced at today uh
[Laughter]
4425 oh
man and who do we blame Biden this sucks
because yeah uh this sucks because we we
were telling people to go buy used but
oh these are Canadian prices that's why
yeah never mind so so it is a lot
cheaper to buy used actually and there
was some cheaper ones down here so like
in this if you're going on New Egg to
buy a 3070 like you're also probably
doing it yeah that's not bad like that's
$230 or so US dollars that that that Fe
for 300 bucks oh no that's that's bids
that's bids though sorry that's not a
Buy It Now um by now
454 yeah so it's around around 350 no
not that you should do the Buy It Now
necessarily no and honestly I've had a
lot of luck with Facebook Marketplace
recently just because there's no seller
fees MH so on eBay it used to be that
you could get really good deals but eBay
seller fees are quite high now and I
understand why because they offer buyer
protection which basically as far as I
can tell is just a nightmare to
administer um so there are services that
they offer that do add to the cost of
running the platform I get it but the
seller fees are quite high so if you can
meet up with someone in person and if
you can verify that the thing actually
works then more times than not it's uh
it's it's a way to go it's a way to go
people are like 8 gigs for 370 is awful
right but you weren't getting anything
with more than eight gigs at that price
anyway
yeah so yeah it's awful no one's our
whole yeah yeah whole point is that it's
rough
yeah 13% is the seller fees on gpus at
the moment apparently yeah that's that's
freaking a
lot oh here can I uh can I can I play
this game with you let's play the game
called I'm going to go to amazon.com and
try to actually buy
something uh okay so I don't know see
here's the thing I don't know if this is
going to happen the same way that it did
when I was sitting in script review with
someone earlier this week right cuz I
don't know it seems to be just like G
let's
see what's going to come up when you
click on something on Amazon these days
but I was trying to figure
out what was kind of the going rate for
a 55 in TV because we've got a really
cool video coming on this um Flander
scientific heard of them no okay they do
instruments they also do mastering
monitors I was going to say wait maybe I
have yeah yes I have all right so uh
what is it Flander scientific
instruments FSI I think uh Flanders
scientific Inc sorry FSI whatever
Flanders came in and was like hi didly
ho
guys I hope they actually said that they
didn't um they brought a 55 in mastering
monitor that's based on Samsung's latest
QD OLED panel
okay and we were writing an intro for
this video and I was like okay you know
what would be kind of fun is to do a bit
of a like well you know Switcheroo where
we start the video in kind of like a
ranty form like who would buy this thing
for
$20,000 it's got bezels that looks like
it I dragged it out of my grandma's
basement it doesn't even come with a
remote control and it doesn't have an
HDMI port for crying out
loud right so we kind of just roast them
yeah we kind of we kind of roast it
which is was even more fun because the
uh Flander scientific guys were in the
room while we're filming this um the the
unit they they basically hand carried
the unit cuz they were on their way to
do a demo somewhere or something and
allowed us to make a video and test it
because normally we would not have
access to this kind of stuff and then
when we were done they had to take it
away with them um anyway so we so we do
this bit um and as part of that I wanted
to have a comparison point for okay well
what's a what's kind of your going rate
for a 55in monitor because sure you
could spend $1,200 on a 55 in
did I say monitor sorry the Flander
scientific is a monitor but I I was
talking TV so you could you could spend
like $1,200 on a 55 in TV but you can
also spend X I wanted to know like how
how low how low have they gotten these
days and so the exercise was
Electronics television and
video and trying to find a
television there's one here's a 40in
Vio
what even are some of these things an
antenna okay here's a magic
stick I think there's a song about that
yeah yeah yeah it's the the the penis of
magic right mm Magic Stick
mhm a man of culture i here's a USBC
cable here's some sponsored results for
a toss Link
cable that's cool
did I do something wrong
TV amazon.com
maybe
um nen hanser says I've never had the
issues you've had with Amazon but I
never search by category I just search
what I want to find wonder if fit a
category so I just search what's going
on with me right now laptop yeah I just
searched the word television sure but
like I want to browse Luke is this not
browsing see look they figured it out
the filters on the side are all TV
filters oh my God but why why is why did
what I why is it that what I did didn't
work I searched TV and that worked
too I'm not saying you're wrong I'm just
saying that I you're just saying to get
good I'm
right I mean okay maybe try and find it
then maybe I missed it I legitimately
don't use Amazon so where where is it
where's
TV isn't it in here you could try movies
and television that's not the one I
clicked on okay or what did I what did I
what did I click on exactly I S I looked
at televisions and video products
where's okay no that was that was that
was content I don't think I have that
seriously hold on I don't know I no you
don't I am not kidding it's under
electronics under electronics it's
nested yeah there we go there we go okay
so fine where are the where are the
bloody TVs then television
video this is what even is that I don't
know it's cool though it's a replacement
lamp for a projector I guess it looks
sick yeah yeah for a
projector for the restoration of color
it will bring you a feeling of being
immersed people are telling me hold on
hold on people are telling me I need to
go hold on we're going back to my screen
people are telling me I need to go one
level deeper oh no I don't there is no
level deeper model year what's that
movie I mean at least model year brings
up some TVs exception yeah we we got to
go deeper I don't think there's a deeper
layer what is
this theal big button TV remote yeah wow
they sold six 6,000 reviews of this
thing what what is this this is a
sabrent thunderbolt ethernet
adapter what is this doing here this is
an absolute Quagmire get that bread
saent and I don't see I'm sorry guys I I
don't see 3D really what year is
it smart TV you mean every TV okay this
might help this might help okay so if I
click Smart TV then that's actually I
think a lot of the same results I got
when I just searched TV that's the magic
hack so that's the deeper level and I
understand why you would just search TV
but let me explain why I don't want to
do that sure because if I search then I
am at the mercy of whatever you're being
paid the most to promote 100% I am just
in my in my logic if you go to the
department it's the same thing you don't
think they're going to advertise on the
department level well no because on the
department level I want filters that's
or or I expect to find filters but I got
filters when I I know but that's
ridiculous a little bit why don't I get
filters yeah like if if I just go to
your category view the the all all the
first results are sponsored 100% like
that lamp replacement thing thing is a
sponsored post says right there you're
seeing this ad based on the product's
relevance to your search query no I am
not sort of no I'm not this two star
lamp replacement is very relevant dude
this is a dumpster fire yeah I can't
even believe this you it's the it's the
where even is the mute button it's the
ification of uh I don't think I did that
properly yeah well fine good job
of of Amazon and other various websites
right like it's just getting worse but
this isn't
sustainable go to try Amazon so here
hold on what's really what's really wild
to me is if look okay you know the the
category that I drilled down into just
doesn't have the TVs in it or whatever I
could see that but no it does because
when I click on smart TV they're all
here they just didn't think that that
was relevant to my interests I mean what
even is this stuff okay an HDMI splitter
sure but a Sega Genesis HDMI adapter
what are the odds Amazon what are the
odds hey hey amazon.ca is actually
better people recommended that and
they're not wrong um oh wow so I I went
I went to all and then I had to scroll
down further I think uh shopy
Department Electronics computer and
office is this what I did yeah and then
TV and home theater so there was two
more layers here so that's probably what
that person was talking about and then I
clicked on TV and home theater and it
brought me here and then there was
another layer where you just have to
click on televisions which is fine cuz
all these other things are related to
what I've done so far so televisions and
then boom I got a bunch of TVs let's see
uh some people are saying that oh hold
on hold on uh sh some people are saying
that it might matter that it says
shipped to Canada in the top so I'm
changing it
to why is it not going to go back to oh
my God why is it not in the drop down
United States minor outlying Islands no
why
where is that what Canada is to you now
a minor outlying Island no I'm just I'm
trying to find I'm trying to find ship
to us in the America it's not here and
it's not here is there
another have they changed the name to
American or something like what where
where the heck is
America whatever I just I put in I put
in the only zip code I know so
90210 uh here we go let's refresh the
page nope sorry folks Electronics you
got to put in uh 2500 televisions and
video products here we go
20500 yeah all right
cool
America's attic we are not no we're the
Hat come on now yeah figure it out
really nice hat warm yeah a a beaver hat
you might say beaver hat sold out of
what are we supposed to be doing right
now what even is the show hson Bay who
knows you know it's amazing how much of
Canada the Hudson's Bay Company owned oh
yeah like a couple hundred years ago
like actually owned the country now
they're like almost gone yeah kind of
what a what a way to fall yeah what
a what an what a story
arc amazing Canada actually has some
genuinely very interesting
history oh yeah yeah for sure like like
actually yep and I'm not even just
saying that cuz I'm also Canadian but
like it actually
does yeah anyway it like literally was
the fur trade for a while that was its
only point in existing and that's why
Hudson's Bay like owned it all it was it
was super weird I don't know oh hey Luke
check this out what's
up TV and video up here
oh hey now you got that Canadian page
now you click on televisions yeah no no
no yeah no no hold on hold on okay so
what happened so from the homepage if I
go here and I go to
shop by Department SE all
electronics TV and
video what the f just
happened all right at least I can find
televisions now so that's good so I want
to know how much a 55 in
t
great 50 to 59 in then
fine I'll
settle anyway we found the answer before
it's about 250 bucks is what the kind of
going rate for a basic 55 in TV is in
fact I think this might be the one that
we settled
on it is amazing oh no that's not it
that's 50 in it is amazing pretty wild
that you can get a nice 50-in TV for 26
here it is this one TV prices are
something that have not gone the road of
graphics cards it seems no no they
somehow managed to keep getting cheaper
wild they have man I've talked about
this before but I actually got to
experience it firsthand for a while
firsthand um for the first time because
For the first time in my life I went to
a store and bought a
TV not to make a video you know I've
only ever done that once too just to
have a TV so that I would have it yeah
me too I've only ever done that once my
grandparents
um have a had a pretty small TV it was
like 38 in or 40 in or something like
that and their vision is not what it was
and uh they do not have at their age
they don't have the capability to go to
a store and and buy a TV at this point
anymore so um I was over there and they
were talking about you know some of the
some of the hassle with it and I was
like tell you what uh Merry Christmas
new TV sure um so we went down we went
down to visit them uh last weekend
and I was like oh I still owe you your
Christmas present it's late January
uh peace I'll be back and so I went to
London Drugs of all places because it
was that is a thing they actually have a
surprisingly solid electronics
department it's always surprised me they
they carry Samsung LG high sense oh wow
sure um and Sony yeah and so I was like
okay well let's have a look
um I
don't I totally understand or actually
no I don't understand how Mo how enough
people are buying makes no sense
especially with shipping cost like LG
and Samsung TVs uh given how much more
they C like I understand why I
understand why TCL and high sense are
gaining so much ground in North America
right now because it was literally half
the price and even to my eye I was like
yeah it looks good enough for Mima and
paaw uh so so I ended up with a high
sense I know right
like got rid of my TV buying virginity
with high sense of all people um right
I'll remember it forever though
Unforgettable moment so so anyway uh
look again looking
at just hear Dan's sigh from behind the
camera no I I always think about things
that I want to say and then they're just
absolutely absolutely not appropriate
again looking at the
pricing the difference between 55 in and
65 Ines is basically negligible so I was
like okay yeah let's well let's get them
a 65 in TV let's get something nice and
big so they can you know see National
Geographic or whatever it is that they
watch figure skating I don't know cool
yeah my grandma likes figure skating all
right so so 65 in TV very impressive so
I took my I took my son with me on this
errand because he doesn't do enough
errands and I was like you're going to
do an errand um let's go get a console
we needed to get a new console table
because we discovered you know we found
the TV we wanted and realized it had the
new style stand cuz it's cheaper for
them to make uh with the two feet on the
edges instead of the single thing that
kind of supports it at the back so we
had to go to IKEA we had to get a little
a new little console table so we got
that threw it in the trunk uh we went
back to lar drugs picked up the TV that
we'd gotten the quote for they they had
put it aside for us dragged it out to
the parking lot and went oh sh doesn't
fit
it's a good lesson on running errands
why would I drive the tyan you were just
trying to be uh a dad who teaches his
son things why did I take the tyan
though that's that was it you were
trying to teach him a Lon yeah but why
did I take the tyan I don't know it's
cuz I didn't think about it I didn't
think we were going to go out and buy a
TV no cuz you were trying to teach him a
lesson get you out here man come on
would have taken the minivan um so the
real reason I drove the Titan is cuz I
like driving it and because it's
electric yeah I hate going to the gas
station yeah like hate it yeah so for
those wondering for those tyan drivers
out there who have a tyan um you cannot
fit a 65 in TV in the
trunk
unless in the
rain you unbox the TV in the parking lot
oh my
God put it in with about this much
clearance to either
side take all the accessories out put
them under it drag the box back inside
say hey can you throw this in the
compactor for me and then hope to
whatever day you believe in that that
thing is not
[Laughter]
DOA you could have um I've done stuff
like this before you could have plugged
it in and turned it on while you were
there yeah I I didn't think of that it's
fine that's amazing any who this
actually that is a different lesson
maybe not the best one but get her done
no matter what yeah yeah I mean that
that's definitely the lesson yeah and uh
mimo and peaw now have and it works a
new TV it does work mission accomplished
thank thank the maker high sense in this
case yeah yeah good job I've actually
had to do that before the last time was
buying sorry soone in float plane chat
Tai can't got him but it could in this
case so is still a Tian so a 65 in TV
does fit in a Tian no that's not the
lesson I actually takeway I actually
have had to do this before and it was
way worse uh when we moved wait so this
is the second time you've moved a TV
with the ti no no it wasn't a TV oh okay
yeah no the first time I've had to do no
I mean I mean unpack something in a
parking lot ah the first time was way
worse it was at Costco which should give
you some idea where I'm going with this
and it was a king size bed
frame for some reason because I don't
believe in planning I already had a
bunch of stuff in the back of the van ah
nice good so I had to
completely dismantle and at Costco I was
I don't know I was afraid to even ask
them to take the packaging for me so I
basically Tetris the crap out of this
thing putting in the pieces every way
that I could trying to use use the
packaging to keep it from like keep the
pieces from destroying and scratching
each other and at the end of it I was
able to shove the trunk
latched completely full completely solid
um yeah so
um plan
ahead you won't well it's like what I'm
going to pay for delivery come
on
oh man and like that that bed frame it
was wrapped in that you know that really
really thin foam wrap so it was wrapped
in that it was a windy day and it was
like blowing all over the place and
stuff I was in the loading zone in front
of the store so people were like
watching me do
this I'm pretty sure at least one person
walked by was like Hey lonus cuz like
it's not like I'm
Anonymous oh my
goodness that's fantastic won't pay $10
for delivery so I'll spend 2 hours
bagging it but yeah that's two hours
that he wasn't working though yeah
delivery for $10 I can't get Uber Eats
delivered for $10 never mind a TV what
are you talking about yeah $10
yeah what's that line that Bill Gates do
a back flip Bill Gate the Bill Gates
character on The Simpsons says you don't
get rich by writing a lot of checks or
something like
that yeah oh man that's such a great
scene when his goons come in and just
start like trashing Homer's living
room I don't know if I've seen he
created like a website right or
something like homer.com with all with
like all the junk on it and the ads yeah
and he was just he was just bandwagoning
on the dot them boys yeah and so Bill
Gates rolls up and is like we'd like to
acquire your company and it turns out
acquire just means like Wreck The Joint
cuz it was like a Home Server that was
basically just his computer and they
just destroy it with baseball bats
and I wish the internet worked more like
that your website is cancer
going to destroy it we're supposed to
explain merch messages so the way to
interact with the show is to leave a
merch message don't do Super Chat don't
do a twitch bit it's not like twitch
needs more money actually they probably
kind of do we'll talk about that
later actually why don't we yeah why
don't we expand that thing we were doing
before the show into a bit of a more of
a topic twitch and the no good very bad
week um pain left yeah yeah so that's
that's interesting any who um merch
messages all you got to do is head to
LTT
store.com and put something in your cart
and you will see a box for Merch
messages once you complete your order
it'll go to our producer Dan there he is
who will either forward it to the
appropriate party reapply to it himself
or curate it for me and Luke to respond
to we've got a couple of merch
announcements before we do a couple of
merch messages to show you guys kind of
how it works first up we have a new
newsletter this this week going through
the minor backpack oh here it is so make
sure you are signed up for the
newsletter because we are trying to
provide some really cool behind
the-scenes content um Tatiana actually
hosted a video over on float plane where
she went through that backpack that had
been used in a coal mine and contrasted
it with a brand new one this was in the
leadup to the discovery that the bottom
panel was not actually doubled so
there's some really cool learnables from
all of this from our materials expert uh
what else do we have as an update for
the merch team
um okay I am a little confused by this
one oh okay we have a 3D down jacket
promo right now I'm just going to have
to go to the store to make sure that
this is
working but as winter reaches sort of
the end of winter this my favorite
jacket ever uh blah BL jackets here we
we go if you order the 3D down jacket
which is a relatively light jacket but
very warm for how thin it is good
reviews there you go you get free
shipping for your entire order oh so if
you live somewhere where shipping is
expensive and there was some stuff that
you were planning to pick up anyway then
maybe pick up a 3D down jacket at what
will amount to a pretty sizable discount
so there you go you just got to click
that box and you fill out this thing and
it's pretty cool and then you go ahead
and check out your order the last thing
we have going on on the store this week
is precision screwdriver notification
signups there's going to be a couple of
reasons that you're going to want to
sign up for the Precision screwdriver
notification so that's right here on the
homepage where work meets play cuz it's
oh that's that's cute with a Twist cuz
it's got a really nice uh hybrid ceramic
bearing in the top so it'll spin for
like a minute if you just kind of
lightly give it a little spin uh anyway
there's two reasons you're going to want
to sign up first is you'll be the first
to know when you can buy it and second
is you will be in the pool to
potentially get a chance to be one of
the first 100 for that first batch of
top of production samples um and then
after that everyone else is going to
have to wait for mass production so you
could end up with it much much earlier
than anyone else all right Dan do you
want to hit us with a couple merch
messages yeah I've got some here for you
hi lldd what do you think about pal
world lukee how do you feel about
regionals in Pokmon
go you even do Pokmon go looke I'm
going to let you yeah he's a Pokemon go
I didn't know that awesome um I disagree
with pretty much all of the things that
the Pokmon go Community seems to care
about CU I play it for wildly different
reasons that I think most people do um
so I don't care at all about reg
regionals in Pokemon go I don't even
care slightly for you it's just more of
a like touch grass thing right yeah yeah
so like whenever there's some features
the point of Pokmon am I missing
something oh oh oh okay I would can I
just say that I would like if I'm going
to be
cancelled I would like for it to be for
something other than Pokemon go this is
the only time I've actually feared for
my job I thought it was you're poking
The Hornet's Nest here that reaction
when he's like oh we're here now let me
let me address the community really
quick before we go further not that I'm
not going to go further but just contr z
contr z you're going to use those mute
buttons and now would be the time Loop
oh man that was really funny um I'd like
if I'm going to get canceled can it at
least be for something cool you know
like yeah I don't know and like graffiti
I don't
know people will would
absolutely yeah hate like all my takes
on Pokmon go and that's fine and they
can just be mad about things and that's
okay but yeah I don't really care about
regionals if a regional happens can you
explain what a regional is for those of
us who don't Pokmon go got it certain
Pokmon are only available to be caught
in certain areas of the world right I
don't need them right I don't care right
and now if I happen to be there and I
get one right neat and then for anyone
in that region I guess it's
like if you want it that bad then you
can Pokemon
come rather than go yeah come get it
yeah totally totally probably a
different game it also incentivizes
like I wouldn't be surprised if it
exists though probably exists what does
it rule rule something something yeah
um oh there's so many jokes there but
I'm just going to leave it where it is
um but like when I was in Japan uh
there's a APAC Regional which is
farfetched so I caught a bunch of them
when I came back I've just been giving
them to people when I'm back so you
don't even have to go get it yourself
right if someone you know or someone in
the Pokmon Community around you which
it's very likely one of them will travel
at some point happens to go somewhere
and gets a bunch of them you can just
trade them something when they come back
and then you get it like it just I I
don't know who cares why do you
care I I've been think I mean it's
literally the tagline of the entire
franchise got to catch them all okay
okay no but this is a very good point
I'm just saying I know I've been mulling
on this thing that I make very good
points once we both know I'm never going
to make this and that's fine but I've
been enjoying the mental idea I've been
mulling on this video idea of uh we all
suck at playing video games H and my
whole my whole point is that we're doing
it
wrong yeah we're never making that video
just cuz the tag no I'm not saying blame
the community video rarely goes over
well yeah yeah yeah but just cuz the
tagline is got to catch them all does
not mean that you've got to catch them
all like you should find a way that you
have fun in a game and then do that
right but I mean let's look at the
Pokemon company's entire raand Detra
like why do they create new Pokemon so
that you won't have them all like they
know that this is a compulsive behavior
for people that they need to have them
all and they and they feed that they do
it on purpose for sure they not only do
you have to have them all you have to
have them all in this game then you have
to have them all in cards oh by the way
did I mention there are shiny cards you
need to have them all in that form don't
foret you need digital you need digital
cards for the digital game so you can
play it online don't forget about all
the Collectibles well you're going to
have to have all of those too I mean the
whole thing is just designed to exploit
people who just compulsively need to
collect things right to a certain re to
a certain degree you should want that
because that means there's more content
but you just got to not be obsessive
about the content oh my god listen to
this guy you just got to not be
obsessive do you have any idea who
you're talking
to I don't know these are people who are
so into computers that they are now hold
on one second there's this thing called
Shadow they are an hour and 23 minutes
into this podcast about
nothing what have we even talked about
yeah but we're second monitor they're
not obsessed we're second monitor let's
find out what monitor we're on I'm
putting up a poll you got to include
third as well you're on my fourth fourth
yeah yeah but we we got a stop it
somewhere I do need I do need more we
still have to talk about that oh my
goodness we'll get you one of those 55
in TVs and just divide it up no that
doesn't work I did that at home and it's
terrible for productivity I miss
multiple monitors yeah multiple monitors
are great okay I'm doing a two-minute
PLL here we go all right Luke carry on
okay so this is going to be nothing to
you but there's a there's a thing in the
game called Shadow raids and in just
leaves well it's nothing to me I was
going to get a snack that works I no no
I'm I'm actually kidding um so over the
pandemic I I quit playing over the
pandemic cu the reason I would play it
was to go outside but um over the
pandemic they added something called a
remote raid pass you wanted to do a raid
you could buy because I don't think
there was any opportunity to get them
for free maybe there was at some point
there isn't now you could buy a remote
raid pass sure but can sorry can I
interrupt for a second what if I wanted
to catch something other than a bug
type well raid wouldn't be very
effective against a bear my
[Music]
I actually I have to applaud you for
that it's very good I wasn't sure where
you're going that was pretty good that
was pretty good raid is a brand of
insecticide here in North America if it
doesn't Exist Elsewhere yeah yeah um
raid is usually for more rare uh types
of Pokemon I think the most commonly
done one by at least groups of people
would be legendary raids which are the
harder ones um they introduced these
remote raid passes so you wouldn't have
to go outside in order to raid a cool
idea we are actually primarily on
primary monitors just just saying wow
45% that's the float plane people though
yeah so what they said they all use
Firefox why don't you make this why
don't you make this point that you are
apparently going to make it okay okay
um
um oh I just poked that Hive um can you
not
antagonize our most loyal Die Hard
community members please so there's
there's these things called remote raid
passes really cool idea during the
pandemic they still exist whatever
sounds good people are really pissed
that you can't do more of them per day
right raids remote raids remote raids
you can do as many local raids as you
want per day oh okay but you have to
actually get off your chair and go there
um I heard a lot of them are like
churches and stuff now or something like
a lot of locations or gyms gyms yeah
like churches have embraced like the
whole Pokmon gym thing so that people
will go to them sure anyway that's a
whole probably separate conversation
yeah any um I doubt it works to be
honest cuz people show up for like a few
minutes and leave they don't really
anyways whatever um but Shadow raids you
which have a certain type of Pokemon
don't worry about it doesn't matter you
can't remote raid into them and Shadow
raids Shadow legendaries so like a
shadow Zapdos is only going to show up
on the weekend uh that they can't see it
they have to move you and I Luke created
a poll called I did not Dan did this Dan
why they've kept it perfectly neutral I
respect that a lot good job guys that's
actually amazing it's
5050 his poll here is is everyone on
float plane a liar yes yes luk had a luk
had the polls closed that was for him
more than anything so sorry about
that that's I find that amazingly
entertaining that it's
50/50 good job Flo plane that's that's
impressive I'm genuinely impressed you
guys are you guys are great these shadow
these shadow legendary rides they only
happen on weekends you can't remote rate
you can't remote raid pass into them got
it that has created this emergent
Behavior where I will try to organize
with people to meet up on the weekend
yeah and go walk around and do these
raids right so you're so you imagine
that that's really cool so you're the
true Scotsman that's fantastic but no
one else is a true exactly what I want
and people are mad because they want to
be able to remote raid pass into shadow
and I'm like actually I would rather if
we
couldn't because now if people want this
thing if people are going to I go catch
them all then they're going to have to
come out for a walk right okay so like I
have differing opinions to the majority
of the community which is fine they can
want to play the game however they want
to play the game that's no
problem but I play Pokmon go for a
reason that I don't think most people do
right I I I play it because like this
weekend there's a thing going on and I'm
probably going to walk like 15 plus
kilom in a day and that's great because
getting myself to do that without a
gamified motivation is
harder but now I'm like excited to go
walk a crazy amount of kilometers some
people are just going to put a bunch of
lures down and sit on their butt for the
entire event and that will be very
effective but I don't care I'm they can
just be kind of like the NPCs and in
that region yeah like the yeah the
trainers that are just like walking back
and forth
they're like I like bug do you want to
battle that would be fantastic um if you
don't move enough you should turn into
an NPC and when people encounter you you
should have to battle or something is
that a is that a thing is that a
mechanic they have cuz if not they
totally should pretty sweet though like
if you don't move you're just like
you're one of the people on like route
like a vision cone in front of you like
anyone that walks in front it challenges
them to
battle um someone said I I agree but as
a wheelchair user there needs to be a
wheelchair mode is wouldn't you just
wheelchair around would you just roll
depends not everywhere is wheelchair
accessible like man it's it is that's
fair where I go to every time I do one
of these is very wheelchair accessible I
had a um I had a pretty bad knee injury
a number of years ago but I understand
not everywhere such that like walking
was actually really hard and came for a
bit shocking like how hard it is to get
around anywhere and I was still on my
feet it's crazy easy um and the thing is
that like as someone who's working on a
building right now if you guys missed it
we uploaded a video earlier this week
outlining the plans for the badminton
centerland gaming center as someone
who's working on a building right now um
I I recognize a lot of the really good
things that are being done in the
building code to make things more
accessible you have to have handy
accessible spots you have to have X
percentage of Handy accessible washroom
stalls and sinks and all of that kind of
kind of stuff um so your like your
counters have to be such that you can
you can roll up to them and use them all
that's really good but what's
interesting is that building code just
straight up doesn't apply to anything
that was already built and 98% of
everything actually no 100% of
everything is already built like today
you know there will be things that exist
that will become that they have been
built but my point is just that the
overwhelming majority of things were
built before that and the planning was
terrible um so yeah yeah that's a that's
totally a fair that's totally a fair
point and that's something that you know
Niantic should address but I also don't
think that that invalidates Luke's point
that a lot of people are able-bodied and
just don't want to go out I would love
if there was solutions for that type of
stuff I'm not against solutions for that
type of stuff I think there's ways to
accomplish that uh like maybe make it
that you can invite a maximum amount of
people to remote rates per day and you
have to be a certain level of friends
with them because like there's a there's
a if you hadn't stolen my phone I forgot
about that until now I knew you would
there's a there's a there's multiple
apps there's a ton of different apps
that you can use uh to host uh which
I'll do sometimes or or to to remote
raid in to other people's things so the
community element is just fully digital
now
um I know I I I I understand the
countering argument because you can play
the game more and honestly probably
enjoy it more and play it at a more
competitive level and all these other
types of things and be much more
immersed and in the Pokemon go
experience
if uh you're able to remote raid more
and you're able to catch more things
from your house like if your catch
radius is bigger so you can get more
things in your house all this type of
stuff I get that but the reason why I
want to play the game personally on a
personal level is because it gets me
outside and moving and more active and
and in the Sun and all that type of
stuff um my motivation is less about
Pokemon it's more about personal health
and and fitness and well-being and stuff
like that
so I like the idea that I don't have to
do those things alone and I have
genuinely received the response I've
been like oh I want to go do this thing
like let's go to whatever Park and walk
around and try as much as we can I have
genuinely received the response of like
I'm probably just going to hang out at
home I I'll remote rate it and it's like
ah that sucks I don't know but to each
their own right did we just spend half
an hour on the first of the two merch
messages we're supposed to do right now
you didn't even answer the full question
what was the question what was the
question and also what do you think of
pal world oh I haven't played I've
played it um I hope it's a major wake up
call the Pokmon and that's honestly
pretty much my only only feeling about
it yeah it's the best Pokmon game that
has released in many years it makes uh
what what was it called Legend of archus
or something what was that game I don't
even know whatever it was even called
cuz it didn't matter at all um it makes
that game look like a joke yeah um and
hopefully game freak wakes up and does
something with that IP because it's
incredibly frustrating as like a person
who does like Pokemon that the Pokemon
game's like I don't know yeah and it's
not like Nintendo nintend is I mean
Nintendo Nintendo can be really stuffy
and really kind of set in their ways but
they can also be kind of edgy and unique
and fun and so yeah I don't see why they
couldn't do something a little more
creative with the Pokemon IP I mean you
look at like Super Mario RPG or Zelda
yeah sure yeah Zelda has been changing
evolving improving yeah how ironic that
Pokemon wouldn't
evolve yeah for real though uh we should
do a a a Super Chat really quick here
someone didn't get the memo and sent a
$200 Super Chat that is a perfect way
for me to highlight why we don't do
super chats and why we moved away from
using this dashboard entirely check this
out uh hey love the channel um Columbus
was getting new Intel chip factory yeah
it's super cool it's uh kind of crazy
that semiconductor manufacturing is like
coming back to the States who to thk it
anyo look at this I've had people call
me out on this and say no line of Slide
the dashboard is perfect no Linus didn't
lie the dashboard is not perfect that
message okay a I can't apparently
unselect it um anywh who uh is not
here it's not in what happens if you
refresh the viewer activity no it's it's
not here check it
[Music]
out not there and eventually things do
fall off here yeah that will go away
that's only still there because it's
such a big donation that's the bug that
made us develop merch messages in the
first place how many years ago was that
two three somewhere around there it's
been a while it's still not fixed how is
that even possible like tell me
something how complicated is the
database that needs to store these text
inputs these text entries like is this
is this more complicated than an Excel
sheet help me out here well yeah no but
on YouTube scale y y y y but it
shouldn't be a big deal it has to store
a username and amount a timestamp and a
flipping it should not be a big deal for
YouTube to do it it doesn't even have to
store image anything like it's are you
kidding
me so anyway that's
why and as for why I don't turn them off
if people want badly enough to do things
wrong then I say power to
them yeah
all right Dan hit us with another merch
message sure hi Dan Luke and lonus 2 I
guess what industry have you been most
surprised by the amount or kinds of
technology that they
use man just about just about I think
I'm more surprised by the
opposite oh ones that don't use
technology or or that like oh they're
still running the same computer with
serial cables from the like early '90s I
remember finding out in like 2010 or
something like that that that one of our
competitors at NC still used fax to
place POS I'm like what Japan just
emailed them like obviously I don't know
if this is in the dock right now but
Japan is dealing with like the fact that
a bunch of businesses are still sending
the government like floppy discs yeah
apparently they just changed the
legislation that forced that so maybe
they
can finally move past the floppy discat
after all these years all these decades
um I will say being in Japan a lot of
the more tactile things still being
around is kind of nice more things tend
to have physical
buttons um more things tend to have
moving moving physical components
involved that don't seem like they're
going to break of in did I ever tell the
story actually like pretty cool about
getting the insurance and registration
taken care of from my
car oh yeah and how like not only did
they require facts like like uh like
like signed facts uh like assigned facts
but they actually required the original
form for like the business registration
for the dealer to be mailed to the
insurance broker in order to register
the car because some some ICBC is our
insurance provider and BC they have a
monopoly because that's legal for some
reason uh if anyone was looking for a
platform to get elected on in BC it
would be to abolish icbc's Monopoly and
then instant you're elected just in case
anyone's wondering anyway the point is
um yeah the fact that even a fax wasn't
considered good enough how is it how is
how is anything more than an email
required I just am sort of baffled by
that um and then yeah the fact that
things have to be physically present for
signatures always blows me away uh Hey
the the the superb owl is coming up
really soon uh Sports Tech is is really
cool sports Tech is really cool
especially in the NFL actually yeah I
mean have you seen how have you watched
an NHL game recently game
no I heard we're doing well but no
remember how bad those digitally
superimposed uh board they're really
good now I have seen that I have seen
that they like move and stuff
and looks really good yeah yeah um but
but genuinely uh if you're if you're
into Tech at all even if you hate Sports
if you look into the tech that the NFL
uses um for for NFL games it's it's
really pretty wild that is actually an
extremely Tech forward uh organization
yep yeah you wouldn't know it from all
the NFL uh co-branded merchandise we did
that video where we bought Sports Tech
just the cheapest cheapest of AliExpress
garbage with a silk screen logo on it it
was amazing yeah but when it comes to
their games and like how they do reing
and all this other kind of stuff really
impressive
yeah Hawkeye is super cool I I might
have some news about Hawkeye for you oh
okay well here why don't I first explain
what Hawkeye is it's what they use for
tennis badminton oh yeah yeah um to to
track the projectile and I didn't
realize this but it's not actually that
the camera array is seeing where the
ball landed or where the shuttle landed
it's that it is calculating based on the
initial trajectory where it will go so
Hawkeye might not actually always be
right because this is less true of a
tennis ball probably where you could do
a like a NASA style two compute thing
where you have Hawkeye try to figure it
out and you have something that watches
it and tries to figure it out I think
they do have that okay but it has to
make a decision and it is the final call
Hawkeye is yeah if cuz Hawkeye only
comes out at least in badminton I don't
know Works in tennis uh in badminton
Hawkeye only comes out in the event of a
challenge so they have um e EOB 18 full
play chat I don't necess know how true
this is but I've worked with Hawkeye at
a Grand Slam Tennis tournament it's not
100% yeah they use a lot of
cameras I I know they use a lot of
cameras uh it's like in the dozens if I
recall correctly like it's a flipping
ton of them uh but aside from the
cameras my understanding and hey feel
free to correct me my understanding is
that the cameras are more about feeding
data into the computational engine that
decides where it landed because the the
point of contact is so much smaller than
the actual projectile think about it for
a tennis ball absolutely yeah only the
part that mushes touched the court and
if the edge of the ball that doesn't
mush onto the ground is over the line
well that doesn't count so no camera
unless it was positioned at
ground level is going to actually see
how much that ball compressed or in the
case of a shuttle how much the uh the
how much the cork compressed as it hit
the ground so they cannot see where it
landed they just have to have a pretty
good idea of where it landed and in
tennis I could see this being less of a
problem but in badminton the shuttle is
fragile so if you knock a feather off of
it with a with a really powerful smash
or something like that it's traj eory
may not
be as
anticipated um man sports projectiles
are a fun Rabbit Hole oh yeah have you
ever watched a baseball get made yeah
they apparently like tried to cost them
down and make it make it like machine
sewn or something and they were like no
this doesn't work so they're hand sewn
like every single baseball that the
players are just casual just like Huck
it to the fans which they should that's
part of the experience of the ball game
was like
handcrafted what what's that thing about
like badminton shuttles 2o man badminton
shuttle manufacturing is wild the fact
that they only cost like uh about
a150 wholesale us is mindblowing to
me yeah baseball rubbing mud anyway uh
Dan tell us about Hawkeye yeah so we had
some really good feedback after uh the
Badminton Center video came out and some
people have been recommending a bunch of
equipment especially for the audio like
something like qis came up a lot um and
so I did some digging with Matt and
apparently qis has a lot of Partnerships
with Intel and Dell and then also with
Sony and so apparently Sony also works
intensely with Hawkeye MH and we may
sounding really expensive we may be able
to get a Hawkeye system
what maybe we'll see there might be
there might be some major partnership
stuff but we'll we'll have to see how
much Dan I don't know but like full Sony
full Sony Badminton Center buildout
um but if you could have if you could
have a Hawkeye system
uh
okay like just it would be installed and
it would be permanent it would be yours
cuz generally you rent them just for
just for people the audience that's my
understanding anyway just for people in
the audience we do a Hawkeye video and
then I mean I'm we do a Hawkeye video we
explain the system we do a full build
FAS not only that would be a sick video
it would be an incredible video you know
we put that in with the qis system
because they've got some really amazing
they're all based on like Dell
servers qis is sort of like the same
audio management system that we're
planning to put in okay like Dante yeah
but it works with Dante like there's a
controller box um and all of them are
kind of in the same kind of integration
thing they've got some uh and then
they're also partnered with Sony so you
know how we're going to have our TVs all
over the lobby yeah yeah so CYS actually
has a partners ship with Sony because
the Sony like professional display TVs
have ausus integration so all of the
media and everything can be controlled
under the same banner and the same
system okay so we'd really need to
change like a lot of stuff well we'll
see but it it might be worth it I was
just planning to buy cheap tcls and then
replace them when they burn out yeah
like that was my and put USB sticks in
them with a looping video like that was
actually the plan it was minimum viable
product well I mean all of it all of it
was designed under minimum viable
well except the facility could easily
accom accommodate what Dan's talking
about so
we yeah sorry so so basically what we
did just to give you guys a bit more
context here is we built amazing bones
yeah and then we planned to put the
cheapest possible Flesh on them yeah
with the idea being that in the future
we would you could upgrade or you could
replace we are decked the out when
it comes to networking and power because
that's how we roll those things are
annoying to run once you hopefully don't
think about it again but knowing that
technology only gets cheaper unless it's
a GPU um we had planned to just go Min
bare minimum for the initial
implementation and then to kind of see
how it
goes but if we I mean look
I'm I'm like I need to take my sweater
off excited if we could have a Hawkeye I
mean yeah this is kind of what we're
working on cuz after that video came out
just everybody started jumping on me for
for that audio set up but like it would
just hurt but of course right minimal
viable product alone that's what we need
to have could you come can you come and
pick up can you pick up our car please
Dan's plan made complete sense given the
bounds that we gave him to be very clear
we could have told him you can spend as
much money as you want he could have
come up with a different system my
client gave me exacting specifications
for that right so leave Dan alone but
but looking into cuses like some stuff
some good stuff did come out of this and
like cuz we have people with Intel and I
think Matt's already reached out to a
couple of them because all of them like
CIS has a heart and the head is Intel
and there's Dell as well and all of them
know what we're doing and they know CIS
and then this is hilarious and then Sony
and then also Hawkeye we need to release
preemptive vide
for every future project this is why we
never build anything reasonable because
the second we say that's our plan either
the community or our industry Partners
jumps on us they're like what what are
you doing that could be 8% better so for
for for for me right so the system I
designed for your for your minimal VI
product cheapest is that we can get
going it can do like I don't know you
know maybe maybe 16 16 channels or
something like that seems the problem
probably problem is that the the qys
things that have the Dell logo on the
front of them that run on the Intel
servers are designed for
airports so they have 256 independent
channels of Dante and like a, different
individual paging zones um and so uh
some people were asking they're like so
how many paging Stones do you need I'm
like well the spec got change so it's
one cuz we didn't we didn't want to buy
a second microphone so we're just going
to do one like okay well I need I need
an
airport okay you're did I know but
you're making me sound like such a cheap
head that was reasonable all of it is
extremely reasonable Reon was Dan should
we tell them what my plan was sure sure
okay so I'm known as the cheap guy so I
threw my plan into the ring and it got
upgraded cuz my plan was rough if you
want to know what my not a 610 a 5300 it
was like I I don't remember fully but it
was like raspberry pies connected to
speakers and they're all logged into
Discord oh I've done a full house
install I've done house install like
that you would just move your your
talking thing around in Discord and then
speak it to a mic it was really cheap to
gy
channel it was very cheap and then so we
went from my garbage solution that would
cost practically nothing yeah and we
looked at cuz there was convers ear we
looked at traditional paging systems as
well there was was months of discussion
right oh yeah so we we went we went way
above we went way below and then we
found the pretty reasonable spot in the
middle and now we have offers that might
result in it being way above again in a
facility that we plan to have a grand
total of about two people on staff at
any given time we're going to have to
have a Sixers it team so this is this is
the problem I mean that's why I went
with that system initially cuz that was
one of your requirements it just has to
work with no training and be really
simple right I love that look at him
he's freaking out what if you could keep
it what if you could keep it lus what if
you had system at all times I mean you
have you might have to put a Sony
sticker on something binton Center in
Canada they also do like florid best
binton center in can Nano LED walls that
are all also controlled like it's
digital signage right we're doing that
why not no those are like millions of
dollars for an install that we're not
you could put a Sony Banner on the
outside I don't even I don't even want
to the Sony lius badminton smash Sony
Champs I don't even want to owe them for
bers my soul who can't read good and
want to play badminton entitled to at
that price no no that would not be
reasonable but no full Hawkeye video
would be actually incredible cuz I don't
think there's been any media on it like
really at all there's a little bit but
there's it's kind of um it's pretty dry
like kind of expl
and I don't think that I've seen anyone
who's like an independent media who has
gotten a chance to Benchmark it like I
would be really interested to put
Hawkeye up against yeah real eye and
like an array of like you know 25
cameras around a
spot how good is how good is Hawkeye I
mean this is the kind of thing that
they're probably looking at
going we're not going to we're not going
to do that are we sick though that's
that would be really interesting to me
and then of course that also means that
you know the the cameras that are going
to be recording the uh the courts they
would probably also be Sony oh well
that's good we have found that Sony one
we really liked the only reason I was
going to go Panasonic was because it was
cheaper well they're also doing like uh
some PTZ cameras PTZ cameras yeah uh P
tilt Zoom for those not familiar so they
they are remotely controlled yeah uh and
a lot of it is in in like the maybe
tracking and stuff as well but I don't
think those are going to be super
necessary but you
know huge buildout very exciting yeah
one bit of a downer I saw one comment
where someone was like Hey I work with
bwf which is badminton World Federation
or whatever um one of the one of the big
mistakes we see a lot of centers making
is is not investing properly in the
lighting and the uh and certain other
elements to make it uh bwf standard so
we'd love to work with you guys to make
it so you could like host International
tournaments and stuff um I don't think
that's feasible as much as I appreciate
the Outreach um
because a we don't have any kind of
um we we don't have any kind of
spectator capabilities really like you
could be up in the in the lounge but we
don't have parking to accommodate if you
know hundreds or thousands of people
wanted to watch or whatever we could
handle video but you know part of a
sporting event is is the crowd right at
least to to a degree yeah we do have a
crowd section though they can all be on
treadmills yeah exactly and then number
two is that we don't actually have the
um we don't actually have a high enough
ceiling oh really
yeah so I'm trying I'm trying to find it
right now but yeah here it is um
according to the uh the minimum ceiling
height for a badminton court at Olympic
Games Youth Olympic Games grade 1 grade
2 and badminton bwf level is 39
ft ours
are I want to say
32 okay yeah I think they're 32 or
34 I can't remember exactly which is for
uh even a highlevel recreational player
more than fine but those professional
players man do they ever hit hard and
there are certain instances I actually
saw I saw so many people in the comments
on that video who just they don't know
anything about badmon and I get it in
North America we most people know
absolutely nothing about the sport I
didn't and one of the one of the big
comments that I saw from people was what
do you need all that vertical height for
for badminton well let me tell you uh
highle players if their opponent plays a
really tight shot over the net where
they're basically just coming in like
this and just kind of popping it up so
the shuttle tumbles and it just barely
like kind of rolls over the net what
they're going to do to to counter that
is they're going to come up and they're
going to hit it as high as humanly
possible way way up and toward the back
of the court and the more ceiling height
you have
the more travel they can get toward the
back of the court and that's really
important because the closer it is to
the front the more likely it is that
they are going to be eating that shuttle
when their opponent smashes it down at
them um so having it really really
having the ceilings really high is
actually incredibly important so we're
not going to be able to host like a bwf
sanction tournament or anything like
that that's not in our future there's
that's how high the ceiling is there's
absolutely nothing we can do to change
that it'll be a quality facility it'll
have some of the highest ceilings in the
Lower Mainland but no bwf tournaments
for us Hawkeye be cool though Hawkeye
would be sick hawkey so bad just for any
tournament even if it was just a video
yeah yeah even if we had to tear it out
that's that's fine I'd be down y
yep uh you got one more no I'm just it's
sponsors we have to do sponsors now oh
yeah we better do
sponsors
uh right the show is brought to you
today by odd
pieces don't get stuck using the Apple
Vision Pro all by yourself share the fun
times with your friends and family with
odd pieces our sponsor their puzzles are
more than just pictures you put together
you are also getting to experience their
storyline so the picture on the box
doesn't match up exactly with the puzzle
you're putting together there could be a
hidden story a mystery or even a secret
ending when you think you're done there
might be a Twist each set comes with two
storytelling Comics a clue checklist and
a secret ending envelope you'll get a
full narrative experience rather than
just a static picture odd pieces works
with Independent Artists who can bring
their flare and personality to each
puzzle and a part of every sale goes
back into finding more undiscovered
artists with only $35 you can get the
Thousand piece puzzles or save even more
with their bundles so check out odd
pieces and get 15% off your purchase at
the link down below super cool the show
is also brought to
you by manscaped thank you Dennis for
that have you tried to hide your
overgrown nose hair at the last minute
or simply just need a fresh trim for
your little
guy an artist I'm I'm glad we didn't
have a visual for that one let our
sponsor manscaped get the awkward
moments out of your hair we don't have
macro lenses check out their long lower
5.0 Ultra its trimmer blade and foil
blade are interchangeable letting you
choose from buzzcut bald to Jeff Bezos
bald this man's an artist and to
navigate through those more voluminous
spots the lawnmower 5.0 even comes with
an LED light so you can see right
through the Shrubbery it's also portable
and charges conveniently with a USBC
cable meaning you can whack the weeds
anywhere you might be check out the
lawnmower 5.0 at manscape.com show and
use code wow for 20% off and free
shipping finally the show is brought to
you by Squarespace Tech tips can be very
helpful for many things I feel like
that's got to have a visual but you
won't even need them if you're building
a website using Squarespace Squarespace
is an all-in-one platform that
simplifies the process of getting your
website up and running quickly all you
have to do is pick an award-winning
template and you can drag and drop
everything you need with their website
building tool they have a wide selection
of templates that cover all kinds of
businesses whether you're selling
products services or even online classes
they've got you covered with Squarespace
you can grow your business online
through their marketing features which
include SEO support email campaigns and
social tools and you can even access
analytic insights to optimize your
websites performance and identify areas
that need Improvement finally if you
need help Squarespace has useful guides
and a 247 support team that's there to
help you out so visit squarespace.com
when and you'll get 10% off your first
purchase the folks that prepare the show
topics must just be like what even is
this why do we even bother they don't
talk about them anyway this is the worst
it has ever been I'd be upset I wouldn't
be let's do a few topics let's do some
topics sure please
GM sure let's talk about GM General
Motors yeah they were bound to do
something right eventually you know
broken broken clock is right at least
twice a day it's like it's like they got
10% on a Scantron but they figured it
out at the end General Motors has
announced that they will be bringing
back their line of plug-in hybrid EVS
which they retired back in 2019 at the
worst possible
time with the end of the Chevy Vault the
company has been under significant
pressure from dealership who have been
struggling both to meet consumer demand
for hybrids and to sell battery only EVS
in the quantity that's required by their
carbon reduction
quotas how many times have I said the
volt was an amazing car it was just
ahead of its time and if if they their
problem was the lack of demand so their
dealers have apparently figured it out
they could have sold man they could have
sold this it's such a cool car yeah you
only have to burn gas if you're going F
plug-in hybrid just makes so much sense
for most people and they just couldn't
figure out how to sell it like man I'd
read man anytime I want to just be angry
I'll go and read like Chevy Chevy Volt
Message Board messages and stuff and
people be like yeah I worked at a
dealership this guy brings this car in
and uh he brings it in for a trade in
and I'm like oh yeah the the like
lifetime fuel economy is really high
he's like yeah I never plugged it in
like not once like what the are you
doing you could you could do your daily
commute on battery and then anytime you
need to go far you just put gas in it
it's the best of both worlds you don't
have to strip M entire country to get
all the lithium because they just have
small batteries and you don't have to
just like put gas in every week because
you just really like consuming gas cu
the vast majority of most people's
driving is a extremely predictable and
be not super long range but you want
your car to be able to do that
sometimes solution is enormous batteries
yeah and they're not so heavy because
they don't have gigantic batteries in so
they actually end up being crazy fuel
efficient and I get it they were pretty
expensive to produce but they managed to
discontinue it right before car prices
went like this in
general any who other manufacturers also
seem to be jumping on the plug-in hybrid
electric vehicle bandwagon as of now
there are 33 different phv models
available in the US six different
automakers have three or more pH models
available and even Lamborghini launched
a plugin hybrid in 2023 though they
don't plan to introduce an EV until
2028 our discussion question here is was
EV adoption pushed too hard and did Elon
Musk bamboozle all of us when really we
should have switched to hydrogen and
called it a century I mean I'm not going
to try to speak to the whole hydrogen
fuel cell thing I got to be honest with
you guys it's not a technology that I
understand well enough to comment on all
the infrastructure challenges that would
have been involved in that but what I
will say is that for most people at the
time of the introduction of the model S
when the Chevy Volt was still in its
early days like the first gen Chevy Volt
kind of sucked um and that's the reason
that I didn't buy a Prius Prime back
when I bought my secondhand Chevy Volt
was cuz the range wasn't good enough it
was like 30 mil or something like like
that it's not enough the second gen volt
though could do I think something like
55 I only know it in kilometers it'll go
anywhere from 60 70 to 100 kilm
depending on the weather
um and once that thing launched for most
people I think it made more sense than a
full electric vehicle yeah it was pretty
expensive up front and I could see a lot
of people looking at it going oh I might
as well just go full EV but that's the
thing depending on your usage you could
basically Go full EV I did well over 80%
of my driving in that car on
battery and then anytime I needed to go
really far I could yeah I know the sex
appeal not much I get it but you can
make plug-in hybrid cars that have a lot
you could you they just didn't yeah
actually I I think the volt was an okay
looking car I think it was fine I think
it could have been I think there could
have been things about it it had notable
family car energy oh yeah um but I I I I
don't think it was bad at all definite
dad energy yeah the 2024 Prius um people
have been like drooling over this thing
and it finally has decent range um and
it's just Chevy is not there to
participate in a market that they
practically invented yeah it's just
sorry GM so Chevy the sub brand of GM
Chevy Volt G General Motors it's just
mindblowing to me how at every possible
turn GM can get
electrification just 180 degrees from
correct
yeah it's kind of frustrating yeah cough
ev1 says uh culus in float plane chat
100% yeah new priest Prime looks pretty
nice
actually um what's the what's the range
on this thing though blah blah blah blah
blah blah and that's oh man see this is
the other thing that people don't
realize about these plug-in hybrids is
that not only do you drive on pure
electric a lot of the time but when you
are burning gas they
are just wildly efficient yeah 4.4 4.6
City
Highway like what yeah that's wild
that's
awesome uh specifications here we go
okay show me my show me my All Battery
range though though where where are we
at
here horsepower kilowatts okay what is
this
measure is horsepower a metric uh sorry
anyway hold on one sec like what what
what are you even talking about any okay
hold on di wa why is this Dimensions why
is horsepower a
dimension that's actually really weird
um I don't know man I
just
wow that's odd stuff happens you know I
just I've decided to be less
judgy okay I don't know maybe someone
knows uh that 4.4 is liters per 100
kmers just want to clarify that I'm on
the Canadian
site kilowatts are metrics and engine
power no I know but how are horsepower
and kilowatts the same are
they are they
though
kilowatts versus horsepower there's no
way that a horsepower is exactly a th000
Watts I don't believe that a power level
of one horsepower is approximately
equivalent to 746 Watts or 0.746 Kow
okay and there's the mechanical and
hydraulic horsepower I don't even care
anymore to convert from horsepower to
Watts simply multiply by 746 no I'm over
it to convert from watt to horsepower
they modify by uh multiply Sorry by 0. 1
3 4 yeah so anyway um good job Toyota
yeah missing an absolutely critical spec
from the page altogether how far it can
go on battery and then also um
horsepower is a dimension yeah
sure yeah uh what else are what else are
we talking about
today
oh is it time yeah let's do it all right
um I I'm it's I've just been hearing you
talk about this forever so oh apparently
turned off well Dan's supposed to do it
right no no I no no I got this I just I
think I just need probably went to sleep
it's a sleeping it bitty Apple okay so
one thing I'm not going to be able to
show you guys or rather I could but I
don't feel like going through the entire
initialization process for this thing
but it is shockingly difficult to sign
up for Apple arcade without an iPhone
make sure you don't blast your credit
card by the way uh yeah yeah that should
be fine okay what just happened okay
sure that makes sense um so I have
already the the issue is that getting
your Apple ID signed in on this thing
pretty much requires an iPhone uh it was
it was it was a real pain in the butt oh
I hate this touch sensitive remote I
always accidentally click it I feel like
watching my grandparents operate
anything technological okay so oh oh oh
oh handyman's bringing you a good point
make sure it's
updated are there any updates that this
device needs I don't know but it looks
like it's says I can cancel anytime so
it looks like they've either changed it
um so it should be under subscriptions I
guess
um no I I forget I forget where it's
supposed to be you leaked your name yeah
it's
fine uh blah blah blah blah blah
blah uh apps maybe can't remember
there's definitely there's definitely
somewhere it's supposed to be
uh yeah that's a game that I've played
uh
system okay well it was not easy to
find no seriously though where is it
supposed to be no may maybe maybe it is
still
hiding uh okay well going into the Apple
arcade app is not the solution there's
no you just you just scroll um there's
no unsubscribe in here uh Dan do you
mind moving the uh topics piece piece of
paper oh yeah let's go to account let's
go to account yeah general account I
think or you're supposed to click your
new usernames and people in fli ch are
saying yeah yeah y y I know I know it's
it's supposed to be in here somewhere
because I Googled it and I did manage to
find it at some point um like find where
it was supposed to be here we go here we
go subscriptions yeah that's what I
would do
okay what the actual can you just sign
in manually I have already signed in on
this device to change the settings sign
in yeah that sounds like a very normal
Apple thing though um because they
always make you resign in or repin into
like everything when you have an iPhone
unsubscribing from something when I am
signed in should be one click exactly
one click now hold on I don't think
that's true for like anywhere cuz they
ask you to confirm okay oh my God uh let
me see if I can find this
I don't I actually don't know my iTunes
password right now and I think the only
way for me to see the screen is for me
to share it with you so it's possible
that this has been fixed now but I can I
can actually do a thing I found no no
it's fine I found this before the show
so back when I tried to do it I came
across this discussion thread on
apple.com which showed that someone else
ran into the issue where there was no
cancellation button for Apple arcade the
button to cancel was physically not
there this is from February
2022 and I came across this post of
someone that had the same issue because
for me it wasn't
there I clicked on
this and this still has no reference
whatsoever for how to cancel a
subscription from the Apple
TV so this is how I ended up being
forced to install I uh to install iTunes
in in order to get rid of the
subscription there is absolutely no way
from within a browser to cancel a
subscription which is absolutely wild to
me within a browser I couldn't believe
it here I'll uh let me sign in let me oh
man oh this is not going to be this is
not going to be easy I'm going to need a
new okay maybe I'm not as prepped for
this as I uh as I should be should
should I do another topic yeah sure why
don't you do a topic while I while I get
this going sure I'll do the one that we
kind of leaked earlier uh Japanese
government finally weans itself off of
floppy discs since 2022 Japan's Ministry
of economy trade and industry has been
pushing for the modernization of over
1,900 submission protocols throughout
the Japanese government which still
required companies to oh
whoa so it wasn't that companies were
necessarily just happen to be submitting
this way it required companies to submit
official documents in outdated and
defunct media formats like many discs
floppy discs and CD
ROMs this year many but not all of those
requirements will be sunset finally
allowing companies to move Beyond 1.4
megabyte floppy discs which stopped
being sold by their last major
manufacturer Sony in
2011 globally many Industries still use
floppy discs for legacy Hardware like uh
medical equipment and older planes
notably the US government only
modernized its nuclear launch
coordination system to stop using floppy
discs
in
2019 um discussion question is why do
institutions hold on to Legacy Media why
is it so hard to modernize I think a lot
of it is if it works don't fix it kind
of mentality which is honestly often not
the wrong kind of mentality um
especially for things that were fine
um I don't
know yeah like if all you need to submit
is a document um and their system works
that way it's probably okay I know
there's like there's issues at scale at
like government scale as well and you
only have a certain amount of budget
like if your it team only has a certain
amount of budget uh they're going to
have to cut things um to be able to do
other things right um and if I'm if I'm
assuming that they're not misusing this
budget which is Highly Questionable but
if I am assuming that they're not
misusing this budget they're going to
put it towards other things that might
need it more um than something like that
I don't know also there's there's
someone who brought up isn't it really
hard to hack into really old Tech it's
not necessarily true uh but it might not
be as much of a Target um or or people
might not know um how to do it but I
wouldn't say it's necessarily harder
okay I've got one little update for you
guys so if you go to the Apple support
site which is where I ended up and I
clicked on TV and I clicked on billing
in subscriptions this all seems pretty
yeah good right start your
cancellation this is what greets
you what is the fine text there if you
don't have iTunes download it for free
why the do I need itunes to cancel
a
subscription that is a little
weird so download it
why why
no really though I would actually like
to know what the justification is for
that I don't know I can't tell you I
can't think of any reason why I should
have to do
that isn't iTunes dead well clearly not
okay so people want me to go to my
iCloud account okay so hold on iCloud
let's let's sign into iCloud okay here
we go let's do it let's let's let's
let's let's play let's let's have the
experience it is a entirely possible
that at some point I missed
something oh my
God people are also pointing out a bunch
of different things yeah purchasing
things as a government entity is often
very interesting uh because you can't
just like go out and buy the cheapest
one you have to go through
like all these processes and y y it can
end up costing a lot more than you would
expect um oh my God I don't have my
iPhone on me so I guess I need to get a
phone call now
yeah pretty
fantastic why does it have a British
accent at that scale wouldn't times
saved outweigh the it works mentality
clearly it just
did or more probably in my opinion it
was enough companies complaining about
it all right here we
go what's new on iCloud don't care
okay I did not think to sign into iCloud
I somehow got signed into um like the
Apple support site before I couldn't
even find a sign in today but I I did
manage to find it at some point you
should continue to be careful as
document names and things are being
shown reminders this is all complete
garbage look at this this is from 2020
or something yeah don't worry about it
uh okay your iCloud
plan we're getting into Danger settings
sir I think you should off I'll be fine
there's nothing on here Luke I promise
you settings I no Apple ID
settings sure let's try Apple ID
settings what are people
saying uh okay yeah say Family
Sharing
uh yeah the really bizarre one was that
it wouldn't let me remove the credit
card so I eventually did install iTunes
and it wouldn't let let me remove my
credit card because I was the uh the
family
owner um it looks
like I can change that in iCloud it
didn't tell me where to change that it
just said you can't so I didn't know
that uh rooll
organizer how to change your family
settings this is freaking hilarious
check this out okay so I clicked on my
roll organizer you have access to these
subscriptions shared features how to
change it on an iPhone iPad or iPod
Touch go here on a Mac go here don't
have enough of our products go
yourself seriously where is my where is
my unsubscribe button
here and look
guys my point was n necessarily that
exactly the exact steps that I went
through or didn't go through my point
was this is a prime example of some of
the most ludicrous dark patterns that I
have personally encountered it was far
more difficult than it should
be okay so hold on a second Let's uh is
can anyone else I'm I'm open to
suggestions here can anyone else figure
out where in my iCloud account I should
go to remove there's some people that
are really mad I'm trying to get the
steps that they want you to do from them
sure no no I I know how to do it I did
cancel my subscription guys I did figure
it
out but it's not that
easy oh but they but but it's right
there on the Apple TV yes yes yes okay
we'll go back to the Apple TV now oh
Lordy okay here we go what's going on
with that okay uh oh hold on I have to
do this Dan am I able to see it but not
them yeah give me one I love the I love
the floating merch
message and just need you to tell me
when I can see it Luke's going to do
another quick topic right sure yeah
apple launches The Vision Pro The Vision
Pro released today after reportedly
taking just over 200,000 pre-orders
First Impressions from customers have
been broadly positive some of the ones
that I've talked to personally this is
not in the notes have been very positive
uh though the handful of reviews that
went up on Wednesday were a bit more
mixed that is very true The Vision Pro
was praised for its crisp displays
minimal latency pass through mode very
impressive um and hand eye control
interface we already knew that the
Vision Pro was going to be on the
heavier end of headsets although I'm
going to add a note here uh still
lighter than a number of other ones um
but most reviewers noted that they
really uh that they really noticed the
weight especially after a few hours um
due to how front heavy it is yeah the
back is just the strap um a lot of other
ones have either a more substantial
strap or something weighing off the back
so it helps counterbalance this one's
weight is basically all off the front of
your face uh impressions of the floating
and tangable keyboard range from clunky
to usable eyesight the vision uh Pros
digital representation of the user's
eyes on the external display is also
apparently very uncanny looking in real
life yeah it looks very different I
think Marquez made a big note of this it
looks very very different than um the
the examples in the like the I don't
know what you call it product
announcement trailer videos whatever uh
meta likewise announced today a new
update adding playback support for
Apple's stereoscopic spatial video which
can be recorded on iPhone 15 pro and pro
Max to their own Quest headsets as well
as support for using gam pads with the
quest browser um I don't know who wrote
this but it says I Googled and while
Vision Pro supports game pads it doesn't
look like it supports the browser thing
but anyway okay cool um discussion
question is this the most out there
Apple product launch you can remember
man you sure picked a meaty topic hold
on let's finish this off all right there
we
go oh my God I have new terms and
conditions to accept okay are you ready
yep I'm good oh where'd it
go view terms oh my God
okay require password okay
subscriptions seriously I just I just
signed in
uh round two oh
boy okay okay you know what it doesn't
matter the point is it was there it was
there so that's
good
tell me something Luke In fairness to me
would you have found
that what would you have would you have
found where to manage your subscriptions
where was it it's under users and
accounts and then you click on your
name uh you go down to
subscriptions where would you have
looked to unsubscribe from Apple arcade
I would have gone into settings would
you have or would you have gone to Apple
arcade uh that's a good point I would
have done settings probably I
immediately went to settings when I
turned it
on cuz that would be where I would
manage my account sure where did you
subscribe to it did you subscribe to it
in the Apple arcade app no I subscribed
to it on my phone okay then go to
setting getting subscribed to it was a
pain in the butt for some reason I
forget why because I didn't have an
iPhone on me yeah I might go to settings
then I would scroll down from here I
wouldn't immediately go to users and
accounts I would scroll down and I look
look look okay then I would probably go
to users and accounts yeah I would want
a subscriptions in that menu immediately
I don't know that I would click on my
user now absolutely not hon no I would I
would get here and then I'd probably go
and then go I must have missed something
and I think that's exactly what I did
too uh this doesn't look right yeah and
then leave and then what you want to go
into game center now now that you
figured out that you need to click on
your
name you go down to subscriptions
okay is Game Center the thing that you
were subcribe to no oh okay I don't
remember what game center is it's
something else entirely okay sure yeah
it's like uh you can friend people and
you can play mobile games together or
something like that I I can't remember
exactly what it does or ever or did so
in
conclusion I didn't find it it either
moved or it was always there or it was a
regional difference or it
wasn't and outside of that
the resources that I could find from
Apple's own website did not direct me to
a meaningful way to get it cancelled so
here was another person who was trying
to do the same thing that I was and who
was directed to this help article which
included no information about how to do
it on an Apple
TV in order to do it on a Windows
computer I needed to use iTunes and in
order to access and in order to remove
my credit card I needed to change my my
family
sharing which it didn't direct me how to
do and then now I know how to do I
actually had no idea that you have to do
that by signing into
iCloud which is great never have done
that now I know that um so I retract
what I said about it not being there I
maintain what I said about it not not
immersed in the Apple ecosystem just to
balance the tables out should you show
your windows search
thing no it doesn't matter okay that was
I was just meing with you guys it pretty
fun I searched for uh I searched for
sleep because uh I just reformatted my
desktop um just to just to to make it
clear that I hate Windows just as much
as I hate anything that Apple does I I
searched for sleep in the start menu
because I wanted to tell my computer not
to go to sleep cuz sometimes I need to
remote into my workstation I just
reformatted and the result was
I can I can show on my oh if if you have
it up then by all means go ahead and
share it no so this isn't the exact same
so if I search it on my laptop it shows
view recent sleep time and then Sleep
Country Canada in his example view
recent sleep time was not there uh it
was it was just Sleep Country Canada so
if he typed sleep and then quickly
pressed enter it would have just it
would have just like Googled Sleep
Country Canada if I is hilarious if I
send this to you Dan can you put it on
screen uh yes I should be able to okay
uh how do I send it to you in a
convenient way teams oh okay then you
already have it cuz it's in the topic
approval chat Oh no you're not in the
topic approval chat okay all right I
will I will send this to you this is wo
crew yeah I don't know I I'll send it to
wo crew Sleep Country Canada yeah you
should probably buy a mattress somewhere
else I did
nice if you live up here that's a jingle
you know just how it works well I think
they have the same jingle in the US oh
but it was like Sleep Country USA and I
I heard it once when I was like South of
the Border that seems not fair I was
like what yeah yeah one County
Valley yeah it feels gross I don't like
that yeah it's R
jingle image button file not found I
know I didn't attach a file I know what
I'm doing I don't know In fairness to
Apple it was like the middle of the
night when I was trying to do this too
and I think that a lot of my frustration
was already teed up from trying to get
signed into that bloody thing without an
iPhone um which was a really frustrating
experience as well in iTunes there's no
way to manage your family group by the
way so that was really annoying I I just
it
was a more frustrating experience than
in my opinion it should be I don't think
subscriptions should be buried anywhere
I think they should be super super easy
to find speaking of which I need to
cancel my subscription um because you
just started one yeah cuz I just started
it again I've got the uh the picture
ready I played fantasian exactly the
number of times I need to play it which
is
9099 times I only haven't finished the
second the the third phase of the final
boss I got through you played it 0 N9
times yeah oh like played it through
yeah oh I'm just going to fade it in
there you go there you go that is the
result for sleep on my brand new windows
install it tries to auto correct it to
Sleep Country Canada and it best matches
to Sleep Country Canada that's
absurd I hate current year that's absurd
settings NightLight
really that's the setting they got rid
of this computer so you can't search
this computer why is it nested why is
that nested Dan I don't know I hate it
how is this this bad I wish I could pay
more for no ads there should be no ads
in Windows I mean especially because we
do pay for it yeah this is unbelievable
the fact that everyone knows what a
complete useless meme Windows searches
and the fact that it doesn't improve
indicates that this is Microsoft's
desired behavior for it yeah to me and
there's a whole there's so many settings
in Windows dedicated to sleep yeah like
so many like how about
sleep yeah yeah
yeah now I'm angry that's a bug check
windows admin I don't believe you I've
seen it on basically every Windows
machine I've touched in the last few
years I it's if it's a bug it's one that
exists on purpose at this point I'm
sorry not even shopping for a mattress
get better
Intel uh all right
yeah advertise better
nerds all right app uh Apple Vision
Pro I did the intro I want to try it I
haven't I haven't gotten a chance to yet
the thing is Apple only seeds
to media that they get along with which
I you know is a thing um and being in
Canada and not being one of the first
people to click the button um our unit
isn't arriving until I think Monday so I
haven't tried it yet I the way that the
way that it looks to me from the outside
I've actually tried not to find out too
much like I just sometimes I can't help
it and I'll click an article and I'll
read some of it or I
just yeah mostly that um or I did I did
watch the one apple uh promotional video
where she's like packing for a trip or
something like that and she's wearing a
Vision Pro headset for some reason
uh so I have been exposed to some stuff
but I've been trying to keep my
reactions as raw as possible because
we're going to shoot a short circuit on
Monday when it comes in and then after
that my main mission I think is going to
be to figure
out how to use
it as a non-apple user I've certainly
had my frustrations using the Apple
products that I do daily Drive I mean
I've talked about this one before but
you know there's absolutely no way to
update the firmware on airpods without
an iPhone right no you
cannot that's sick not through iTunes
not through iCloud this one I'm sure
about you simply can't um and and
there's also features that are extremely
inconvenient or impossible to change
depending on how uh like I think there's
third party apps that have managed to uh
you know change what the press does and
stuff like that oh except if you have an
iPad oh I'm sorry a big iPhone will also
solve the problem for you
um apparently you better have an iPhone
or you won't be able to use the Vision
Pro properly I think I have a 13 pro at
home somewhere I will have to check
unless unless I have it with me
um no I don't have it I used to be a big
like always two phones guy like I'd have
one in my side pocket one in my back
pocket and over the years I found that
whether I'm on an iPhone or whether I'm
on an Android phone I just don't really
need it anymore either of them can kind
of do everything and people who have
this kind of super intense brand loyalty
one way or the other I think they just
haven't I think they just haven't tried
the other in a while so the one way or
the other is an important point because
run Jun just said in phpl chat I can't
update my Samsung earbuds on my iPhone
either
really what about on a computer I don't
know you can only do it on an Android
device that's they they didn't say that
they didn't say that don't don't
hamburger this hot dog okay they they
can't on an iPhone
yeah they just said no
iPhone sheesh can you can you do airpods
on a PC or Android no no you can't
um
we'll see if they respond you can but
you have to install Samsung's iTunes
okay no that's a joke very funny you
guys yeah you have to use their wear app
a handyman said well that is equally
stupid and I hate it just as much yeah
all right what else we
got uh did we talk enough about Vision
Pro oh right yeah so I'm trying to
figure out what it's for it's obviously
not for gaming I think it's monitor
replacement sure so it's a $3,500
monitor it's a $3,500 monitor that you
could have in scenarios but you can't
have a monitor yeah I think is is it I
mean one of the ideas I had for the
video was just yeting the monitor off my
desk at work and only using the Vision
Pro as a monitor I think you should use
it in more scenarios than that I think
you should have uh like ifon drive the
car M and you work work on your laptop I
thought you were going to say and wear
the Vision Pro no okay yeah I mean based
on their low latency pass through it
feels like that might be possible um but
I'm not suggesting that you do it I
think that might also be literally
illegal I would think so I would hope so
to be honest um but uh yeah no uh if
you're going on a trip sometime wear it
on a plane and have set up a bunch of
monitors instead of your laptop and see
if it's interestingly
productive um
and I can only use it with a
Macbook right is that true well I'm
already I'm already preparing myself to
go back to the
MacBook Return of the Mac once again I
mean MacBooks are kind of killing it
right now oh I mean yeah no no question
it's just yeah and you know what's
really really interesting I think if you
were to plot the amount of time that it
takes me to go from completely fresh
install first time I've seen the desktop
to my computer is fully set up and I can
do everything I need on it it would look
like
this when I that fresh format I was
ready to do basic things on it in about
4 minutes oh and I was and I'm and I'm
ready to do pretty much any and I'm
talking drivers are installed so so not
that and then beyond that probably about
another 10 minutes and I can do 98% of
what I need to do on it and there's
there's things that I would set up on my
personal machine uh or there's tinkery
things that obviously I haven't bothered
with like uh I okay I want to play
around with nvidia's AI HDR conversion
Tom Foolery and yeah sure that's the
kind of thing that obviously takes a
little bit longer to get everything
dialed in exactly how you like it but
that computer was completely usable for
me to do my job in like 15 minutes yeah
and that's assuming that the writing
team keeps using the office suite
instead of switching over to Google Docs
which is something that we may do in the
near future so having just gone through
that experience I'm kind of sitting here
going okay uh what exactly would prevent
me from using a Macbook then CU almost
all of it is either cloud-based or
something that I could easily install on
a Mac it's not like teams doesn't exist
for
Mac yeah
seems makes me want to throw it through
a wall anyway so maybe I should do the
Apple challenge again maybe maybe I
should just switch maybe why am I as
much as I don't want to I know it would
be fine for me I work almost exclusively
in browsers why would it matter for me
well you'd go to do a thing and you'd be
like why can't I do this thing it'll
happen I'm sure it'll happen yeah for
work though honestly like one of the
ones that drove me crazy last time was
how poorly it handles ma network drives
it was just a nightmare so stupid no why
don't you get a thunderbolt why don't
you get Thunderbolt like no Thunderbolt
is a stupid solution
for uh for that like direct attached
storage in general is just a stupid
solution I'm sorry I'm completely over
it um apparently by the way someone did
drive with the Apple Vision Pro and did
get pulled over and got arrested well
pulled over at
least why does that not surprise me
that's
fun um I'm being told that you can only
do one monitor replacement with it um I
know I saw people with more than that of
screen so maybe you can do one monitor
replacement and then other apps around
it um why on Earth would they care how
many monitors you replace with it I
guess it would have it would come down
to how Mac OS handles maybe display
management or something I have no clue
which was awful last time I used it by
the way was just like terrible like just
clone window just clone Arrow snap I'm
talking specifically for the laptop
usage by the way yeah oh okay when I'm
saying I I'm sure I'd be fine on a
MacBook I'm saying just to replace the
laptop that I have oh I see I see I
would still need the desktop 100% right
okay okay okay I understand yeah I would
be going just I use a Macbook now yeah
see that's that's a little bit more
drastic if I was just replacing my
laptop genuinely I think it would be
completely fine um yeah okay so apps can
be the other ones you can only screen
share one MacBook screen and uh that's
at 1440p apparently that's that's what
Chad's saying I mean that seems F which
I believe
yeah and Matt who was doing monitor
replacement uh Matt from the lab's web
development team who was doing monitor
replacement um sometime last week with a
quest had three monitors on the quest so
it is kind of a weird limitation and I
wonder if you're right I wonder if it's
something to do with Mac OS I don't know
no idea I mean these are all things that
I guess I'm going to get to discover
because the the main question right
because everyone and their dog who's oh
it's based on the display yeah see I I
don't know don't don't don't take the
things that I'm reading from chat is
like 100% fact it's just interesting to
discuss everyone on their dog who's Mac
friendly has already looked at this
thing so if we're going to make a video
about it it has to be from the angle of
okay but hold on a second what if you're
more like me should this be interesting
to you at all or should you be just be
waiting for a second or third generation
clone from a PC company that kind of
works or something yeah and I think the
answer is going to be you don't need to
care about this right now unless you're
willing to switch into the ecosystem so
then my question
becomes is it worth
it they're asking for a pretty big
outlay yeah I mean it's that being said
I think they're going to have a bunch of
tech
people that are going to be happy to
jump into it wasn't Google last like
$1,000 something like that I forget what
Google Glass
uh Google Glass announcement price I I
find people have a very intriguing
amount of money whenever there's
something interesting to buy yeah it was
$1,000 and do you remember how many
people were wearing Google Glass at CES
that year everywhere they were freaking
everywhere and I just I couldn't believe
it I was like I bought one of these
because it's my job I used it for a
while and was like okay I have used it
now it's pretty useless and now it goes
in a pile and how are you people still
wearing these I don't understand this
and then by the following year all of
the we're gone I don't' in chat is
saying $1,000 is way different than
$3,500 yeah yeah for sure sure it's
still point it's it's also I would say
it's still in a Range that like to spend
that much money on something very fresh
experimental stuff like that is wild is
wild it's asking a lot both of those
amounts are in the that's wild category
are they the same no not at all no but
like man Google Glass was only only 5
years ago you have over $1,000 of throw
it away this might be complete trash
spending money not even it might be
complete trash I don't think it's going
to be trash but it might be sits in the
box and doesn't get used yeah the
battery man the battery life is a big
concern for me I no I get that I get
that you plug the pack in non removable
cable on the pack not not true no it's
removable it it turns out it's like a
jumbo lightning connector or something
it's kind of like the non- removable
cable on that iMac that
we easier live on the as far as my
understanding goes you just stick a
thing in a hole and it pops out oh
that's awesome I'm actually really happy
about that that makes me feel better
about the world lightning I mean it also
just didn't need to be lightning at all
um but hey whatever it's lightning so
that's something
yeah 5 years ago was definitely not
correct oh yeah no that wasn't 5 years
ago hold on a second okay what is this
why am I was it longer than that oh no
no no no no no this is Enterprise sorry
this is Enterprise Edition 2 announced
for $9.99 in 2019 hold on hold on
Enterprise Edition Google Glass here we
go it was
$1,500 in 2013 yeah it was 10 years ago
yep there you go sorry about that
guys I'm excited for the
display supposed to be amazing out of
everything I care about I think that's
the one I care about most cuz that means
for all the headsets and if I could just
use my Windows computer with that
display that would kind of be my ideal
while I wait for and that would also be
a way that I could kind of justify it as
well
because that oh no even then like that's
a boy is that an ever an expensive
monitor I do think a lot of yeah
traveling tech people will find a
legitimate way to justify it yeah it's
going to be T man dude it's going to be
tough at work too though CU even just
for privacy reasons I work
collaboratively with people a lot yeah
you do what am I going to I know I know
well yeah but I'm reviewing it so I'm
trying to think like what the heck am I
going to use this thing for I don't
think it's for you to be completely
honest I mean I want to like it actually
I'm excited about it I think I think
this particular device is going to be
great for you that being said I do think
you'd be able to see if had value for
other people I don't think you're like
not an applicable person to review it to
be clear I just don't think it's like
okay here's one thing I'm not going to
get any calls on FaceTime I don't know
anybody with an iPhone yeah that's one
of the reasons why it wouldn't be for
you but well yeah but so I how am I even
going to how am I even going to
applicable anything like I just sit in a
chair and pretend you're on a plane yeah
I mean yeah okay obviously but like you
can do it I believe I I know I I know I
can you do it I know I can sit in a
chair good boy
s Welches you you
weles they got a great one all right no
but like yeah I think I think it's the
the the price tag is a big hold back for
the vast majority of people right it's
going to be a huge issue we were just
talking about the price of gpus earlier
a VR headset for $3,500 I mean we were
we were boing at VR headsets that were
less than a thousand not that many years
ago now it's 3500 bucks that's obviously
crazy I think there's going to be a
market of people that are interested in
it literally no people that have already
bought
it
yeah oh no no not me I thought you were
saying you do too and then I realized
that you were saying I don't know
anybody but I know other people as well
um multiple actually um and pretty much
all of them are unanimously saying
monitor replacement not at my desk so
they're not trying to replace their
currently existing multim monitor setup
but they are trying to make it so that
that's a really ex that's a really
extravagant I'm writing my novel in the
Starbucks and I want to do it like like
nextg yep accessory absolutely it's
going to have to get a lot more useful
than that yeah for the vast majority of
people yes they they had 200,000
pre-orders and they're going to sell a
bunch more I guarantee
it Apple's a hell of a
honestly straight up if meta released
the exact same headset at the exact same
quality people would tell them they were
idiots yeah but then hey maybe their
stock would go maybe boners like it did
at today or yesterday or something like
that it
went developers yeah meta is going like
wild like if it was Windows base I think
developers would hop on that within an
hour what happened I forget this is the
5 day this is the five day it's their
it's their year efficiency or whatever I
don't know who knows it's the stock
market dude even Biden Biden
[Music]
omx oh man okay cool earnings apparently
they declared a oh they declared a
dividend on the stock so owning it means
you like get money instead of just you
only get money when you sell okay all
right that makes sense
okay
cool
um what what else have we got here do
you want to talk about the AI poisoning
tool yeah I thought this was something
different until I read it in the dock
and now I'm like way more interested I
didn't bother read into this I'm going
to run to the washroom while you go
through it I've already read it sure uh
I didn't bother read into this earlier
in the week because I assumed it was
like is it on that one yeah I assumed
that it was um just like you know a way
to jailbreak AI that we've had forever
and people just bought it for whatever
reason but that's not it that's not it
at all it is way cooler than that a team
at the University of Chicago released
their new free AI poisoning tool called
Nightshade it was downloaded at least
250,000 times in the first 5 days
Nightshade is intended to disrupt uh art
generation models that scrape art
without permission by identifying the
subject of the image then applying a tag
EG that subtly Alters the image at the
pixel level so other AI programs see
something totally different than what's
actually
there interesting gradually this will
poison the ai's training data by making
it misclassify the original images and
therefore generate confused muddled
hallucinated images the changes
Nightshade makes are reportedly more
robust than watermarks as the effect
remains even when the image is
screenshotted cropped uh compressed or
even
filtered the the same team has
previously released a separate program
called glaze intended to confuse AI
training algorithms so they interpret
the imagees having a completely
different style than it actually does
they recommend using both together for
the best effect there's a discussion
question which I guess is Dan and I now
can we expect the notion of copyright to
change in the AI era and how uh because
you know everything is eventually made
using tools that involve some kind of AI
trained on some other type of
copyrighted material etc etc
etc um yeah I don't know all I know is I
think this is super cool
um I find the the tool war of AI to be
an extremely interesting thing I wish I
had read into this more so before the
show because I think it's super
interesting and I will do so I will I
will dive further into it after the show
there is a really cool um page just
night shade. cs. chicago.edu
what
is. HTML I might as well do the whole
thing and they have a whole write up um
talking about it you should check that
out if you are interested super cool I
love this kind of stuff
fantastic I like that if you if you
don't want your stuff shared you have
some tools in order to uh you know make
it worse which is
great very good is that Miss vickies
yeah we have Miss vickies now yeah I've
had Miss vickies for ages I don't
usually look at the snacks that's cool
though Miss vickies are great chips yeah
a good chips this is not an ad for Miss
vickies nope not even a little nope um
they'll kill you yeah see if it was an
ad they wouldn't let me say that yeah
yeah it's amazing how many people think
like we have secret sponsorships and
stuff that are not disclosed when we
will when we will say stuff that's just
like clearly you don't know anything
about working with sponsors there is
there is absolutely no way any brand
would have you say anything like that in
a video that
Mon oh boy
um some uh actually somewhat interesting
AI news this week Google uh the B
chatbot can now use Google's own image
in two model to generate images
congratulations you're slowly uh feature
matching other things um generative AI
chat is being added to Google Maps uh
awesome that's great now it's probably
going to direct me to the wrong place
some percentage of the time because of
hallucinations I don't want that at all
uh Amazon announced Rufus a chatbot oh
the rip rofus USB uh announced Rufus a
chatbot in beta that will help customers
shop on the platform maybe you'll be
able to find TVs more easily um and
apple according to Tim Cook apple is
putting a tremendous amount of time and
effort into Ai and plans to share more
details later this year that's a okay uh
perhaps something related to their
published paper about getting llms
running locally on iPhones that would
actually be cool that would actually be
sweet that would make buying an iPhone
significantly more intriguing in my
Apple's been putting neural processing
into their into their apple system
or do they call iPhone silicon Apple
silicon I can't remember but anyway
their a Ser chips for quite some time
now so I see no reason why they couldn't
do this having a local llm on there
would be fantastic because loal Siri
would be useful yeah maybe that's true
that would be
nice I mean they could have done that
without it being local though and then
it would be annoying and suck Universal
Music Group pulls Tech pulls music off
of Tik Tok um and then spec Ops the Line
was pulled off steam it's actually the
second one that's a little more
interesting to me but a bunch of Tik
toks got muted because uh licensing
negotiations broke down between umg and
Tik Tok this
week Imagine Tik Tok caring about that I
I I I must have missed I blinked and Tik
Tok went from just yeah we just use
whatever music whatever we don't care
we're from China and we don't care at
all to now they mute licensed music um
interesting anyway the critically
acclaimed 2012 game spec Ops the Line
was suddenly Del listed from digital
storefronts earlier this week in
response to a question from The Verge 2K
stated that the removal was due to the
expiration of multiple partnership
licenses which the ver Verge took as a
reference to copyrighted music on the
game's soundtrack so it's been 10 years
uh 12 that's a weird expiry that is a
weird one anyway the game's director
Cory Davis called the removal
devastating personally both for him and
the rest of the creative team and he
likewise stated that this is not the end
for spec Ops the Line but what future
the game might have is currently unclear
these kinds of Licensing issues have
come up before wasn't there a GTA game
that had a bunch of license music in it
that had to be changed at some point not
sure I'm not sure if I I'm not sure if I
I'm going to be able to remember exactly
what it was but I know we've definitely
seen stuff like that before that's Cory
B uh GTA 4 apparently yeah Vice City oh
okay apparently there is GTA 4 Vice City
fun fact I haven't actually played
through a GTA game at all
I played a bunch of one that came out
for Android I forget which one it was it
was three maybe uh on my Nvidia Shield
but I didn't beat
it I think I beat five cancel them boys
yeah I know but that would have happened
like almost 10 years ago so I don't know
it's been too long to really remember I
didn't beat anyone's other than five I
don't think but I haven't played any GTA
game in a hot minute so I'm not
sure Mafia I I actually liked the mafia
games more yeah that's on my list of I
need to get around to this at some point
cuz Mafia 2 remastered came out a little
while ago and apparently just flipping
awesome so yeah I liked Mafia
too um finally Edge got caught stealing
Chrome tabs yeah what is this an edge
feature that allows it to import data
from other browsers has gotten more
aggressive much to the surprise of
several users including Tom Warren from
The Verge who found that after their
most recent Windows update Edge opened
automatically with all the tabs from
their default browser Chrome one user
had even uninstalled Edge and deleted
all of its app data only to have it open
with all his Chrome tabs imported after
an
update so that's bad uh time for Wow
after dark yeah have you noticed teams
is just like ignoring default browser
stuff yes I have that's over the last
couple weeks I guess right I think it I
think it might have gained a setting
where you can now set teams' default
browser to something that isn't Edge but
when it first happened I don't think
that that was possible which is
awesome awesome and then people are
having we're we're we're slowly there's
going to be notes in the Monday morning
meeting about this uh for people that
work at the company but we're slowly
working on a migration and it will be
announced as a full migration on Monday
to everyone in the company using teams
for meetings instead of Google meet
through calendar and in doing that we've
been finding a lot of problems with
teams
meetings
ah team has also been especially having
trouble the last week or so I think it
is so maybe that's it and maybe it'll
get better let's hope I wouldn't count
on that
yeah
yeah yeah anyways after
dark sure let's see what we got hi lldd
you've spoken of the difficulties
running video hosting Services think
there's a wisdom to be gleaned from the
older sites for example new grounds on
track to 30 years of Hosting user
content actually we were having a fun
conversation right before the show
started about uh twitch and the no good
very bad week that they've had um pokem
Mane announced that she's no longer
exclusive she will stream wherever she
pleases um and you know obviously
Pokemon pokem Main's not the biggest
Creator on the platform but she's
certainly a prominent one and she's just
one of many prominent creators who have
left
or uh or or multistream now to forms
such as YouTube and kick and
um you know part of the conversation
around you know oh how could they let
pokem man go or whatever is probably
going to end up coming around to money
and uh Luke came across a calculator
that I think you guys might find very
interesting can I switch over to your
screen yeah so the calculation that I
have on screen is roughly for this show
on public channels so I think there was
like 2000 and something on Twitch there
was is like almost 13,000 or something
on YouTube and then I threw in 20 for
good measure cuz Facebook exists um and
I did the standard plan cuz I don't know
whatever there isn't a big difference
between standard and Basics I did
standard and then 1080p CU that's what
we're streaming in I'm saying the W show
is roughly 4 hours we have that many
viewers uh and this is average viewers
so I did 100% of the stream because I
don't have the total amount of viewers
in order to give a lower percentage so
we did 100% of the stream and uh yeah
$8,000 now this isn't some number that
Luke pulled out of his butt no this is
from Amazon's actual cost estimator this
is Amazon IVs cost estimator this is the
thing that kick uses and and twitch yeah
effectively yeah this is someone
mentioned pirate software yeah i' had
seen this before but I saw his thing on
this uh and that reminded me of this
site which is why I showed lus He's
Pirate software is really cool but um
yeah then I looked over here and was
like how many people are alive right now
on these different different websites so
let's go uh
3262 channels yeah let's let's play a
game let's let's play a game 3262
channels oh that's a big number um and
let's go viewers right now uh what's
there like Aver let's kind of let's kind
of we's kind of eyeball this let's
eyeball this grab grab halfway up a
slope they look like halfway up a slope
is around here actually okay uh maybe
even higher this is this is fairly low
as far as I can for average let's say
100 let's say 180,000 sure and
then okay and then let's um that's all
yeah that's all the time but that's not
4 hours that's all
day ah
yes now obviously they would have volume
discounts probably very significant ones
mhm obviously this is marked up this is
not Amazon's raw cost to to run twitch
oh and twitch is has I mean way higher
numbers let's have a look at what
twitch's numbers look like two 2.2
million viewers and 140,000 channels do
we even want to input this this number
obviously means nothing just to be very
clear it's just fun uh don't take don't
don't take this too seriously um but
it's it's entertaining to throw it in
the calculator anyways
um
for a day um obviously this is not
representative for like a billion
different reasons so again don't run for
727 billion different
reasons but obviously doesn't cost that
much but the point is that it doesn't
make sense to give gigantic payouts to
streamers to stream on your platform
when streaming is expensive when those
are the only ones that you're making
money on anyway um and you are you you
basically been operating at a loss from
the moment you acquired this company
until now with absolutely no end in
sight for it operating at a loss uh the
only reason kick exists at all is that
it's just gambling
money
yeah so yeah then you throw like uh
Amazon Prime free subscriptions into the
pile as well like Dam so a lot of people
have asked us hey float plane why are
you guys like slacking why don't you
like have a free tier and why don't you
do more on streaming and do this and do
that because because we don't cuz we
don't like putting money in a
fire yeah streaming streaming we we
offer streaming on Flow plane but it's
like it's it's an Avenue that I honestly
wish we never went down uh we can't take
it back now but I wish I mean we can
yeah but we shouldn't we shouldn't
um and yeah it's it's rough what what I
like in my head kind of wish we did was
was just develop a live chat that
detects if uh a twitch or YouTube or
whatever else stream is live then
generates a subscriber only live chat
for you or something like that I don't
know um but I mean we did it it's here
now so we te we we do the streamings um
and it's just it's a fun it's a fun
calculator to to to play with I guess
yeah uh it's it's rough too because
something that was actually very
surprising to me using the steaming uh
streams charts site I don't know how
accurate it is I just found it uh today
but stream charts Twitches was really
high right 140,000 channels 2.2 million
viewers this was surprising to
me yeah YouTube is lowkey kind of a big
deal it turns out I didn't think for
live streaming though dude I didn't
think they'd have like twice the viewers
dude it's YouTube wow everyone who's
like yeah man like you know
rumbles you know YouTube YouTube sucks
it's we're going to YouTube
is just unfathomably powerful they they
peaked what is is this
yesterday 7 days ago they peaked at 8
million viewers yeah they don't they
don't they don't need to they don't need
to offer giant
packages to prominent streamers they
don't need to I mean they can if they
feel like it but they also just don't
need to yeah that's wild cuz like I was
looking at our numbers and we had yeah
13,000 Live on YouTube and then 2900 on
on Twitch um I don't know why anyone's
watching on Twitch uh Colton insisted on
turning the ads back on so that's why
they're back on nice so you should just
good watch on float plane or watch on
YouTube or watch on Facebook apparently
cuz that's a thing
yeah yeah I don't know it's just it's an
interesting it was a it was a fun dive
uh because I yeah yeah it's just a fun
dive seeing the numbers of these
companies is interesting and you know
you know there's going to be like insane
volume discounts especially when you
start getting to the numbers that we
were talking about like it's going to be
a totally different world um but it's
still interesting to see it's a lot of
money being pumped through
IVs yeah this is uh this is from Arcane
canand on Twitch uh twitch no longer
offers big streamer contracts because
Dan Clancy said I can tell you the cost
of retaining those streamers would have
been far more than the revenue generated
that is something we've been very clear
about we don't want to do that because
the only way to do that then is to have
this imbalance where we make up for that
on smaller streamers yeah makes a ton of
sense yep
yeah yeah it's pretty wild um and like
it's it's an interesting the streaming
economy in general is really interesting
because there's all these companies just
losing money Handover Fist and then the
viewers and a lot of the streamers uh
are really mad
because the viewers are angry because uh
sites like twitch are inputting more ads
or making different viewing experiences
uh worse in certain ways or potentially
pressing the creators that they like so
they're mad for the creators to do like
their own transcoding or whatever else
we've seen
um and a lot of the creators want to
make more money because obviously why
not why would you want to make more
money everyone wants to make more money
um but all all the money is being
burnt so I don't know it's
interesting VC money is a hell of a
thing
yeah more questions yeah during a CPU
upgrade the IHS was melted into the
copper plate on the cooler half the pins
were bent when I removed it from the
motherboard uh what is the worst thing
that has happened to you during a CPU
upgrade that shouldn't be possible that
thing yeah that doesn't make much sense
I mean the worst it's happened to me is
obviously dropping
it worst thing I happen had happen was I
was handling a hard drive while doing uh
some work on my mineral oil computer and
my hand was oily and it
went nice and there was nothing coming
off that drive from there
on was
unfortunate just went to Facebook and it
has 29 viewers so I underestimated I'm
sorry
I apologize sry I guessed 20 I didn't
count nine of you
y was your mom one of the ones you
didn't
count she actually genuinely probably
doesn't watch through Facebook yeah no I
don't is a YouTube viewer I
suspect okay next up Hi l l Dean I work
for a major general contracting firm and
we are seeing some amazing technology
come into construction do you think at a
certain point technology usage will
Plateau in skilled labor
jobs
no not personally it'll just get faster
more efficient until we can like just
there's a building there's going to be
some amount of
progress hey lldd I'm an ICU nurse and
have long enjoyed watching your videos
ever had a negative Tech related
Healthcare experience the amount of tech
we use just to keep one person alive is
wild I haven't had too many Healthcare
experiences personally um so no I can't
say I've had a negative Tech related
experience uh my only negative one was
uh the ultrasound machine uses Windows
CE and it was hilarious watching it boot
into Windows I had a a friend who is an
MRI service technician um and passed
away over the covid period um and was
working like insane hours because of
covid stuff and just talking to
him the fact that all that stuff works
in the song and dance that it has to
work in is is pretty impressive it
people that work for
hospitals good job I think they're um
they're nearly classed as biomedical
Engineers is that I don't I didn't ask
them yeah yeah I mean it kind of depends
I know that some of them are like if you
want to think about it as it for
hospitals but you need a special
engineering degree just to just to serve
as a cow or something it's kind of
ridiculous a computer on Wheels
sorry okay sorry sorry it's like a
computer on a cart they call it a cow
not like veterinarian Tech was I need an
engineering we're jumping to vets now no
no sorry sorry yeah yeah sounds good hi
dll do you figure wearing the Steve
shirt dur during an apple interview for
senior software engineering Position
will be positive neutral or
negative that's interesting
actually I think it's going to depend on
your interviewer they a lot of it comes
down to that yeah you don't have to tell
them where it's from um but I think I
think if they don't
recognize the stoil of it they uh
probably aren't paying very close
attention so then it would be neutral
and if they do recognize it I would say
most people would probably think it's
kind of cool that you have you know a
Steve style shirt just don't tell them
you got it from LT store yeah probably
yeah I just might not mention that
yeah if they ask just say mac
address yeah it does have macad dress
branding on
it all right let's see if I can get this
one right hello DUS nuke and Lan Mr
lefar lraf
when picking back up an old project that
was untouched for months what do you do
to regain interest in continuing and
remembering what you have
made that's that's all that's the story
of my life oh God that's all IDE I'm
glad it was just Luke preemptive work um
right you got to try to leave good
crumbs for yourself I have a piece of my
uh I have a piece of my motorbike
sitting in our sand blasting thing right
now still uh yes still Yes wasn't that
started years ago well no no no well h
no okay it was started a year ago Oh I
thought it was way and I only put it in
the sand blaster a week ago and then I
had to have tinan help me because the
bottom had to be taken out so that it
could fit enough that I could actually
get the gun and the hoses and everything
to the right places on it any who uh the
point is um I I I put things in
organized piles I label and I make notes
for myself this is why I said preemptive
work like
oh my God it took me 2 and a half hours
to change the windshield wipers on my
tyan the other
night
why you're either going to love my
reason or you're going to hate it
okay so here's the thing if you buy the
full assembly I think it costs somewhere
in the neighborhood of like 20 to $50
depending on the car and the bottle year
and whatever else okay so it comes with
stop I just stop I love it though okay
so it comes with the the like the
plastic and metal thing and then there's
like a clip and it goes into the thing
you can get OEM ones from the
manufacturer or you can get third party
ones as long as they have the right
compatibility type or whatever else
anyway
um the more economical way and you can
get these uh for as little as like a few
dollars in some cases is to slide out
the actual rubbers and buy new rubbers
and put them in uh in my case I went
with silicone blades um because they
have good performance characteristics
and they last a long time and I was
having a heck of a time as it turns out
there's not a lot of people who there's
not a lot of people who drive taans um
so the resources for you know
DIY
um DIY projects on them are relatively
limited and the
resources around trying to save
$13 on your tyan are especially limited
so what I was searching for someone who
makes just the rubber component just the
rubber strips that can be can be
installed on a tyan and then just
swapped out just that part
um anyway I ended up with this article
that was like the top five windshield
wipers for the tyen as it turns out they
hadn't tried installing any of these
apparently because I
ordered I ordered one of them where the
pro one of the pros was that they sell
just the replacement rubber strips I was
like great so that's good I will put on
aftermarket holders once and then every
other time after that I won't have to
throw away that whole assembly creating
a bunch of unnecessary waste and I'll
save a buck it'll be awesome
so they clearly never tried it I ordered
them they didn't fit at all like it was
immediately obvious that they wouldn't
fit credit to the uh store I ordered
from I wish I could shout them out they
have a compatibility stage in their
order fulfillment and they actually they
ask you your car when you order
windshield wipers and they messaged me
they were like hey we noticed this isn't
compatible like officially so if you
know something we don't know then go
ahead and click this button and then you
can't return them I was like okay fair
enough so they arrived they don't fit at
all and cool cool of them though yeah
yeah that's very very cool of them and
so I'm kind of sitting here going
okay but I need new windshield
wipers
H what can I
do get
this the OEM Porche
assembly other than having this weird
little aerodynamic blade or something
that comes out the other side so so it's
got like it's a shape like this it's
like this like this and then there's a
third one and then it comes out like
that it's like from profile profile view
of the thing it has a fin that sticks
out the other side that doesn't go
against the windshield and I don't know
whatever who cares other than that thing
the actual profile of the
rubber identical sort of get to that um
so that got me thinking
huh maybe instead of putting on the
third party assembly and then swapping
the rubbers on that I could just take
the rubbers out of my third party
assembly and then I can just order more
of them after if I can figure out how to
get them into the OEM wiper blade
assembly Well that took a while first I
had to figure out how to disassemble the
Porsche wiper blade which it was very
obvious to me it has this plastic end
cap that had some wiggle in it so it
clearly clicked on at some point
as it turns out not designed to come off
it's not designed to come off at all
there's absolutely nothing you can do no
amount of prying and I fixed anything
under get it off the only way I could
get it off was to just forcibly rip the
old rubber blade out and then there are
two metal strips that sandwich it and as
soon as you uh take the blade out you
can move them together and you can pop
the end off so so the way the assembly
process works is they put it together
and click on but there's there's no way
to remove them these These are at both
ends that was only part of the
battle I had to figure out how to hold
these two stupid strips together while I
fed the other thing through it turns out
that is not the way to do it the best
way to do it is actually to put the
rubber thing into one and then put the
other one on and then click the middle
and then slide on these two little
retaining clips and then pop the end
caps on uh but this is all trial and
error because I can't find any resources
for how to rebuild no one's ever done
this a por stupid OEM wiper blade
thing
so I don't know what my hourly rate
is but whatever it is that was the
world's most expensive windshield wiper
change i' I've only changed I'm too
cheap to generally do it so I've only
ever changed windshield wipers once and
it was on my current car you live in
Vancouver yeah it's fine oh my God no it
isn't it's bad for your wind Shield
it'll scratch it up windshield's
fine so I've done it once uh I didn't
know there was insert things but I
assumed so I went to Canadian Tire and
asked for them they said they don't
exist they they didn't they didn't tell
me that they don't have them they said
they don't exist and then I said okay
what one of these things do I need for
my car and the guy handed me one I went
outside it was clearly incorrect I came
directly back inside cuz my plan was
just swap it in the parking lot like I
don't care yeah um you were talking
about
opening the mattress and Stu the parking
lot but absolutely I was doing
maintenance on my car in the parking lot
um I go back inside I'm like this is
wrong and they're like you can't return
it so I ended up spending if we're
talking about hourly rate longer than it
was worth convincing them to take it
back and they did eventually take it
back and then I bought the right one
which I just figured out by Googling um
and then finally swapped it and that was
actually I mean other than debating with
them about how I should be able to
return something if they were literally
the ones that told me it would work
whatever um it ended up being very easy
yeah took me like 45 seconds oh yeah no
I know how easy it's supposed to be um
anyway I learned something and now all I
have to do is order the replacement
rubbers which required some modification
by the way because the way they click
into the the the third party assembly uh
there's a a little um indentation in the
molding at the end where two little
metal hooks kind of grab onto it that
doesn't exist on the Porsche one cuz
that has end caps so I have to cut that
off but that's fine because they're
actually about a half an inch too long
anyway so I just cut that part off as
long as yeah as long as I get a nice
clean cut um they work great I rexed my
windshield I put on my new windshield
wipers and it's like dead silent
everything removed I'm very happy
there's some kind of um there's
something in either the rubbers or
something that causes a metallic residue
on your fingers never figured that out
that formed that formed at some point
most likely carbon or
graphite uh lubricant why would that be
on
um why would that be on there to help
you get it in yeah oh okay all right
cool un ironically Luke yeah know I know
I know stop that that cheesy little grin
you put that
away that would be that would be my
anyways someone asked if I made a a
guide now that I have figured it out the
answer is no I I didn't it was very late
by the time I was done maybe next time
you know I'll upload a YouTube short be
fun yeah that would be a fun like
Channel lonus tries to changes
windshield wipers like saving saving $10
by spending hundreds of dollars worth of
hours and that's the whole premise of
the channel yeah that'd be sweet yeah
I'd watch it you know what I'd watch it
too you'd have two viewers yeah I mean
man it's like I I you know I've got a
I've got a button fell off of this shirt
and the only way to get a new button is
to like travel to Pakistan to the
factory where they made it see that
would be
awesome I would love that not even sort
of worth it not only are you like
spending more money to love this I would
definitely watch this series that' be
sweet that would be so sweet oh I I do
probably have security footage of me
doing this hold on a second oh
man that's how we resurrect Channel
super fun
fun that's channnel super frustrating
yeah new but it's fun for the viewer
wasting $30,000 of my time to save
65 I mean I've done that before on my
car where the part that I'm trying to
change is like $4 and then it takes me
15 hours to change the part but that's
like doing maintenance and Mercedes
would charge me I think the last one I
did was like six grand cuz you have to
take the dashboard out oh my God and but
if you know how to do it you can do it
by crawling underneath with a pair of a
couple pliers and and redo it uh so you
don't have to take anything out but it
does take ages so basically you're
saying you want to be the host of this
channel no no no I'm saying that's a
reasonable way to save thousands of
dollars what you're doing is not like
replacing a button and you have to go to
Pakistan or like you know but I I mean
stuff like that is um the consumables
can get really expensive and it's
unnecessary as
well what night did I do this was a
while
back why is this why is this yeah see
Coburn gets it it's not about the wipers
it's about not letting them win yeah I
am I am so for that mindset yeah that's
one of the reasons I respect lonus so
much is cuz he does like that it's
awesome like yeah I don't care how much
your car costs I'm not spending I
already bought the
car yeah yeah yeah that's exactly why I
don't want to spend more there's already
a perfectly fine wiper assembly and
there's obviously like a consort uh it's
like light bulbs right they all got
together and they're going to go okay
well these these wiper blades are going
to fail how much how much material
science and experience have you uh had
in the world with every single car ever
having wiper blades and you can't make
them last longer than 3
months I have very strong feelings about
a lot of
things that lonus is describing that he
did so I'm like
you go lonus thanks Dan you go
too oh you know what I can figure out
when I effectively stalled for time yet
no no I can I can figure out when I did
this because I created a dock for myself
so okay so yeah we're coming all the way
back to what actually got us here
Autocare car documents and tips keywords
tyan car windshield wipers rainex yeah
cuz you have to help find things in
Google Drive because it search is so bad
yeah so details hold on I created this
dock January 27th so okay that'll help
me narrow down where exactly I need to
go to to find my little project so yeah
we were talking about how you pick up
the the merch message from half an hour
ago was we were talking about how you
repick up projects or tasks or whatever
that you've put down for a significant
period of time and the the core idea was
that it's all in in the preemptive work
it's all in the work that you do while
you're already working on that project
and that is generally uh note taking
organization planning stuff like that I
don't know what lonus is trying to do um
and you can extrapolate this to things
that aren't serious as well so you
should do this for things that are
serious I think we want to switch to
yeah go ahead oh no that's the wrong one
uh that
one so there it is that's how to do it
yeah give yourself
notes keywords are key uh here
also uh here I
am
yeah this is such a low Tech
way it works see the time scale
here reading researching
inspecting so we're like nearly an hour
now
yep
this is the most ADHD thing I think I've
ever
seen okay I think by this point I have
switched to rainx so uh it's about an
hour and a half yeah that's not too bad
actually I was so frustrated because
like it shouldn't be that hard it's a
little plastic clip it can't be that
hard to but if I break it well I'm I I
have to buy a whole new one and I'm not
going to have new windshield wipers on
my car
tonight and I can't put my old ones back
on because I ripped the rubbers off so
unless I can get it apart I got no way
to put it back together you know do you
know uh darus yeah yeah yeah at the at
the whale land that we had in the lab
Warehouse uh that night was a very
interesting night for a few people I
ended up I think staying there in gaming
no I I think I went to go sleep for a I
don't remember what happened to me um my
dad stayed up all night and then went
and uh taught a plumbing lecture and
then came back and kept gaming so he
didn't sleep at all and darus I thought
he went home to go sleep he went home
remembered that his truck was like
partially taken apart and like I don't
remember exactly what he did he like uh
repl the fuel injectors or something I
don't remember what it was but he did
this like whole maintenance project on
his truck for the entire duration of the
night didn't sleep at all and then came
back um which was why when he was in the
Left 4 Dead tournament before the finals
game he he he jumped out of his chair
and just did a bunch of push-ups cuz he
was trying to like get his blood flowing
so he could wake up so he could play
better absolutely mad lad I very much
enjoy surrounding myself with these
types of
people
it's very interesting
life gon ninja says Luke's dad is a
machine yeah we're we we're we're
convinced too
yeah yeah that was a that was a heck of
a
weekend all right Dan hit us sure thing
hey Duke Lan and dusos what are some of
your favorite 4K HDR movies to show off
QD OLED TVs also I watched hackers and
it was ridiculously cheesy and hilarious
at the same time thanks for the tip no
problem uh Encanto bad ending to that
movie uh absolute visual Fiesta it's so
beautiful uh that's that's definitely my
favorite right
now I apologize if this has already been
asked but what is Linus's opinion of the
Mig switch that was announced at the end
of last year and is set to release this
month okay this is my first exposure to
the Mig switch
it appears to be a uh an R4 or whatever
whatever that thing was called for the
DS oh this yeah I didn't know it was
called that and honestly based on the
website it's kind of hard to tell but
yeah looks
sketch what am I even looking at here is
that Rasputin I don't know who it is but
uh oh it is yeah it totally is yeah uh
what man what was sense with the colors
what was the one before the R4 r4ds or
like what what what are what are these
things called just like um I don't know
I don't know just like PIR pirate
cartridge it's a nonh hardware
modification way to flash cards flash
cards okay there you go flash cart um I
don't know I would be I'd be interested
in trying
it m switch is the only backup and
development device for all switch
consoles regardless of version firmware
and type that's wild and requires no
installation or modification of the
console just plug and play I am I'm
surprised that the switch got this
broken right before the new one comes
out or gets announced at
least yeah kind of bad timing um you
know it's like yeah you can pirate games
on the switch you finally um I mean if
you can if you can I mean it's still
cool it's still very cool cuz you can
get micro SD cards that are like a
terabyte
right uh yeah I yeah I think so so I
apparently can't buy one I go to the
website
oh so they either got taken down or
they're not up yet or something like
that yeah one terab micro SD card is 100
bucks you pair that with this thing you
got a lot of games super easy to get in
China uh France apparently pretty easy
Italy no problem Mexico no problem uh
watch out guys something to keep in mind
is that uh these can be illegal
depending where you're from even if you
use them for their official purpose
which is to back up your own cartridges
uh so yeah thoughts are Yep this is a
thing that apparently exists I am very
curious to try it but I
also uh does anyone have one like are
you
guys uh so the Canadian store doesn't
work but you can go to American stores
that ship to Canada oh
okay yeah I'm kind of curious think this
is just Shopify yeah there's just
Shopify stores that shipped account got
it
okay yeah interesting you can get switch
banned with these um says
mcbaine Nintendo can ban the game's
unique serial number ah very interesting
I don't know I just I just buy my games
guys I um I am at that era as well
yeah like I I uh I don't subscribe to
Services though yeah that's fair
enough yeah if I was if I wanted to if I
wanted to rip off Nintendo I think uh a
steam deck and emulation is probably the
route I would go or a um an ally and
emulation if you need the extra
performance yeah yeah all right okay
what else we got oh uh let's see hey
lldd my wife bailed on the Pokemon
friend franchise when she lost the
ability to have the entire pokedex in
one game what franchise do you feel has
let you down the most that's an
interesting take if your tagline is you
got to catch them all and then you just
like you can't yeah but I pretty
interesting take eventually the sheer
number of Pokemon cuz they're always
releasing new ones so that you have new
ones to collect would have just been it
would have just gotten completely
unmanageable like how many are there now
there's like 150 in Pokemon blue and red
if I recall correctly that's right first
gen is it is it 15
151 oh sorry
god5 game so maybe you are correct but
in that generation there's 151 not you
said the games though um5 is that what
you said 1025 apparently 125 over a
thousand let's say that yeah like how
could you possibly hope to balance a
game that has a
thousand yeah playable battable Pokemon
in yeah and you can put all those
Pokemon in some thing called Pokemon
home that I don't know anything about
but I know you can put Pokemon there
from all the different
games yeah like that's ridiculous no I
get it um what franchise has let you
down the most though I mean it's got to
be Final Fantasy for me um I I loved the
games and then I just didn't can I just
say a
company blizzard Bethesda
oh also blizzard games to start with b
are you off the Starfield like bandwagon
now yeah okay so you're just over it
yeah tried really hard you really did it
was sort of admirable gave it every
effort I possibly could yeah you really
did it was actually kind of sad yeah sad
to watch yeah yeah the disillusionment
it only comes that much stronger it was
replaced with rage when you try that
hard yeah like is it less of a piece of
now or is it just yeah okay no cool
and I have no faith that it will get
cyberpunked because the problem is just
not that into it anymore
that took me they on fire tonight that
took me a second these have been very
high quality that was a deep cut I am a
I am appreciative wow he's not there to
fix it in my opinion the the problem is
the company yeah and that's why I said I
I wanted to say a company not a not an
individual franchise uh I don't think
they're capable anymore I actually don't
because you look at that you look at the
trajectory ever since
Oblivion and actually in my opinion
every game
from every franchise from Bethesda ever
since Oblivion has been some form of
regression and people are going to be
pissed off because everyone loved Skyrim
but in my opinion Skyrim was kind of the
beginning of the end mhm um in in like a
huge amount of different ways okay but
but maybe blizzard never let you down
because hold on first of all this is a
different company and also I don't agree
hold on
because maybe blizzard just changed
their name okay have you seen this no
storm gameplay
reveal is this like some of the original
devs or something this is folks who
worked on Starcraft and Warcraft 3 uh
they just oh that looks so cool they
just shattered their
Kickstarter seven months ago how had I
never heard about this I I'm not sure
how you missed this look at that
micro go I love the art style yeah it's
so defined and everything's really easy
to read and we've been watching this for
40 seconds and understand whats games
are inly difficult to follow so so good
I've never even seen this game before
and I can fully understand what's going
on Great Character models yeah love the
UI and even like the terrain as well
like the trees and all of the terrain is
Great's A Lot F in really well there's a
lot of really cool ideas I am I floored
that you haven't seen any of this yet
stormgate it's called I've maybe heard
of it but I haven't seen that video
Don't pre-order you know whatever but
also it seems like what they're doing is
really cool so if you want to support it
then is there an
estimated uh I I don't
remember people are talking about modded
versions of the Elder Scrolls yeah but
that's not the game um there's I I
Skyrim modding is fantastic uh Starfield
modding is uh required to even have a
potential of enjoying any percentage of
the game but is nowhere near as good the
person who made the multiplayer mod for
Skyrim was looking into playing making a
multiplayer mod for Starfield it just
didn't bother his quote on it I wish I
could find it he just eviscerated them
yeah it was brutal like back to
something that maybe doesn't suck um
stormgate yeah is this the future
looking at all the layoffs in the games
industry looking at all the challenges
facing AAA gaming and the enormous
budgets required to bring the next GTA
or the next Call of Duty or whatever it
is to
Market don't people just want fun I
strongly believe so don't people just
want battle bit I strongly believe so
battle bit is I still enjoy battle bit I
still play every once in a while and and
um love
it like I where what what the heck
happened to RTS yeah what it's not as
it's not as profitable as a gotcha game
like how did we get I think RTS is
harder to continually monetize through
microtransactions because people don't
care as much about the Skins Luke how
did we get twoing
Diablos since the last RTS from blizzard
yeah how does that make any sense yeah
it might be smaller teams making more
bespoke things
um balers is not an to not somehow Force
balter's gate into this conversation and
yeah it's not an RTS come on wanted to
to force myself into this conversation
that's one of the things that amazed me
about pal world when I tried it for the
first time it was just a game it's just
F you push go and then you're you're
playing the video game there's no uh
like stuff that wastes your time um one
thing that I figured that wasted my time
with the most was death stranding that
was a huge unresting game same with
probably Starfield as well but power
world Mario the first Mario party for
switch whatever whatever the name of
that one is just bral just let me play
the video game let me have fun please
and they could have patched it so easily
all they had to do was make cut scene
skippable and the game would have been
way better MH even even I'm going to
mention bg3 now even bg3 you just hit
the right Mouse button and then the the
line is gone right going from that where
I can skip through dialogue really
quickly or listen to it and then going
to Starfield terrible I don't know
stormgate will be released on Early
Access through steam in 2024 uh D
martines says the game is boring Bland
and the main draw of Bethesda games
exploration in a lively and handcrafted
world was completely gone the modder
Road dude I'm not going to put my heart
and soul into a mod for a game as
mediocre as
this get him get him w Wait February 5th
no way storm Gates coming out in two
days no is it really did this sneak up
on me like that wait it's the second you
live somewhere that isn't here it might
be early access or something no no exact
release date's been confirmed yet yeah
it's a complex game so it may take some
time blah blah blah blah yeah no no no
closed beta apparently okay okay well
I'm not in that but I mean I you're
influential enough that I bet you could
be does anyone know anyone who works
give me in there Luke wants to play I
realistically won't have time but I
do and you have a new computer is it
working now yeah yeah okay good so it
works with the side panel off um all
right we we'll all right we'll it we'll
let the people watch the video I've put
it through some stuff though and like
when it when it um I haven't recreated
this scenario but when it did overheat
that one time I was pushing it very hard
but can you play Final Fantasy 6 I
haven't tried yet I am planning on
playing tonight SL tomorrow all right
cool I I gave him my manual from when I
was a kid it's actually super cool yeah
have you looked through have you like
thumb through and stuff yet I haven't I
even before I was able to play I was
like we're going to look through this
well that's what it used to be like cuz
your parents wouldn't let you play the
game all the time I also enjoy so you
had to just read the manual I I enjoy
tactile stuff in general but like when
we were playing ano which I would still
like to play again sometime yeah yeah we
should go back to our world and like you
know finish figure out what the heck we
were doing but uh when we were playing
ano I used to take written notes on a on
a like notepad um so that we could
figure out what the heck we were
supposed to do do next time steam has
since introduced a feature that I try to
be uh you told it to me through a video
actually so this I learned this from you
um but it's like the coolest thing ever
and no one seems to know about it but
steam has a feature where if you bring
up the overlay you can have notes for a
game that are Cloud saved and game
specific which is like the coolest thing
ever um so I would have just digitized
them if that feature existed back then
but oh it's also a up playay game you
can probably Force steam overlay onto it
but not sure yeah um anyways yeah
stormgate that looks sick uh I I kind of
hope that the future of games is
actually aiming a little bit less high
on the difficult expensive things now
tell me this and still aiming really
high on the fun now tell me
this what if that means these small
teams have to use
AI That's in order to achieve their
goals think I I want to get into that
conversation this is dangerous you're
you're asking for there's knives to my
throat right now man uh the usage of AI
how much you should do how much you can
do all that kind of stuff is
very very intrigu I don't want either of
you to touch that let's have another uh
let's have another merch message Black
Smoke Rise says we are never going to
bed LOL I have a sign I have a sign chat
we have a sign for this it's fine uh hi
I've worked for my high school's it
department for 3 years but I'm going to
study civil engineering in college what
is a good way to Market Tech skills to
non-te
employers uh I mean I did this I'm
assuming you probably did to a certain
degree as well back in the day no so I
used to walk
into uh most I I would try to profile
places that I thought would need it work
so I wouldn't necessarily walk
into
a grocery store I don't know that's just
an example yeah sure no chain because
it's yeah no especially no chain what I
would try to look for was small mom and
pop probably this is the only location
that exists uh medical or legal
practices because just off top of my
head with both of
those uh tons of regulations around dat
regulations data retention security for
different things that's when true Crypt
was super sick back in the day and
nobody knew what true Crypt was so I
could basically just like get them set
up with true Crypt and show them how to
use it and that would be like an
automatic win and I could often do that
part for free yep and then get my foot
in the door and be like all right now
that your data is encrypted so you're
not breaking a bunch of laws CU you
probably work CU most of them were by
the way just so you know um uh I can do
more things for you going to have to pay
me now but I can set you up with you
know like uh data redundancy so that
remote access remote access these
different types of things make it so
that if this one computer dies your
entire company doesn't go up in flames
and you can give some um some uh uh
cases of like here's an example of a
company where they had a fire uh they
lost all their records and they just
immediately went bankrupt because
they're a legal or medical thing or
whatever and that like can't really
happen um huge risk in legal and medical
field if you don't have good insurance
though yeah uh I didn't know that back
then let's move forward uh but I think
that is probably a thing um I think the
insurance might be on the com I don't I
don't know there's some stuff this is
not legal advice this is yeah this is
definitely not's saying right now is the
opposite of legal advice not even sort
of it's beagle
lice find a way to communicate how being
more technologically
advanced can financially benefit that
business the one bit I'll pitch in with
this don't jargon them show them what
they can do with it yeah for real show
them the result cuz they probably is a
lot of these companies like they just
don't know what is possible
technologically and they might be able
to save a bunch of their own time maybe
maybe they're making enough money this
is the only uh storefront they want to
have uh but there's some tedium involved
and if you can help them skip that
tedium you might just make their life a
bunch better and if you can do that at a
cost that is reasonable they might run
with it all right Dan hit
us hi din Duke and Lan I work with super
conducting magnets that will be used in
the LHC at CERN what a Chad what
international project are you excited to
see the outcome of that one umer how
about Garbage Patch cleanup I'm going to
go with that yeah there's some actually
really cool things there yeah there's
another really cool one that we became
aware of recently uh they're finding
like old sunk uh like ships and they are
mapping them and then going down and
trying to retrieve the fuel from
them yeah no that's cool I've heard of
that before yeah not because they like
need fuel for ships but that way it
won't leak out into the ocean bit of a
time bomb yeah yeah yeah that's really
cool I want to show this really quick
before we keep going I don't know if we
showed this earlier but apparently
stormgate it's over 2 million was raised
I know you said they beat their target
but like 2 million versus 100 Grand is
crazy yeah people are storming the
gates to get that game
Co-op yo yeah I didn't know had Co-op
make games that are games everybody copy
this it's good do this make it nice
that's so cool just do cool things just
play it's a game just make it fun no
games have co-op days and it's awesome
and so does bg3 all these games that I
love if you have co-op in your game and
it's at least decently fun I'm pretty
much going to get it Slap Shot
rebound yeah you know what what fun
playing games with your friends yes five
5v5 or 6v6 I think it supports Slap Shot
rebound is eight oh yeah I think you
have to go on the bigger Arena but I
think you're right yeah is freaking nuts
super fun the potential to find five
more friends maybe don't care if it
makes the game unbalanced it doesn't
matter no one cares I've heard that
example from a bunch of people oh we
can't like balance the single player
campaign around Co-op who cares no one
cares you just you just team up and then
you just Avengers stomp everything you
encounter and that's fun yeah just
please it's fun games are fun games are
supposed to be
fun anyways just make them fun move on
from stormgate I'm wildly more excited
now that I know it offers Co-op that's
really cool Hi D I know the lab and the
lonton court projects are huge but what
is the next tiep for lmg growth
enhancements expansions love you guys I
think the main focus for us is getting
the lab uh improving the lab I mean it's
it's obvious that we have things to work
on WE we've had things to work on we
have things to work on with that I think
that it's really clear where we want to
get to and there's a lot of Investments
and a lot of time um that it's going to
take in order to get there but that's
something that I think is probably the
most important thing that we are doing
right now is building that database that
will exist to help just demystify things
and make this information that you can
pull up at a moment's notice rather than
something that you have to sit through a
video that clearly none of you want to
watch um in order to
get with City with cities in the UK now
increasing parking charges for EVS with
the reason giving that they have higher
lifetime emissions than traditional cars
are we starting to see the beginning of
the end for EVS no what kind of question
is that e are not going anywhere I mean
I do hope the plug-in hybrid model sort
of takes
over um I think it is a better solution
for the vast majority of people with
gasoline I don't know that I'm that
convinced but I mean and I with
with I mean hydrogen fuel cell if it
works as well as it like pie in the sky
should it kind of sounds
amazing
um I still feel like I don't know enough
about hydrogen fuel cells to talk about
this to be completely honest yeah I know
I know enough to know that it's on paper
just outstanding because the refueling
times are more like gas and the
emissions are more like nothing it's
super cool it absurdly expensive though
yeah but it's it's a long way it's a
long way away is the biggest issue
yeah H hey double hey d double hockey
sticks have you ever realized in the
moment I don't know there're just
they're going crazy with the names all
of them all of them are like this every
single message is like this hey d double
hockey sticks have you ever realized in
the moment that you're doing something
you'd remember for the rest of your life
what was it uh I'm not going to repeat
most of them but I I think
it's we have a bleep button I think it's
an important thing to do actually not
not only in the moment thing you were
doing that you can't say I mean sure how
else do we make more people but it's
truly a noble goal I was I was thinking
more like bags and a large carpet and
then like a ditch yeah yeah yeah if
you're using a condom it's all for
[Applause]
nothing yeah lonus knows how to replace
rubers there still a percentage chance
that it's for something
um he's not
wrong um anyways I think it's actually
very important and valuable to you as a
person to not not necessarily even when
you're in the exact moment but when
you're in a period of time
when you're like recognizing I will at
some point in time look back at this and
think of this as good old days for
whatever this activity type of thing is
I think it's actually good to recognize
that and like bask in the warmth of that
to a certain degree um because if you
don't I think it's easy to fall into
negativity even though you are in a very
good time because you're only thinking
about the the the bad things and
allowing yourself to just like actually
be like no you know what in a lot of
ways this is really great um and I'm
going to be very happy thinking about
this in the future is a good thing
there's too much negativity in the world
I don't take enough candid pictures me
neither
like this
moment why would I take a picture of
this it's just it's just uh we're we're
walking to or from school or something
it's just Ivonne and our youngest
daughter she's she's carrying her for
you know what might be the last time
time yeah right like she's getting to
the age where you don't know when the
last time you carry them somewhere is
going to be right um and so I'm I'm
trying to think about that stuff more
but honestly I'm I'm really bad about it
I um we took some pictures when we were
at the badmington center cuz like I
realized that we took no pictures of our
Renault when I was trying to pull a
cable through conduit and I was like
yeah I have no in progress of any of
this and the most pictures for me to
look back at are always the candid ones
just like oh yeah we had the furniture
like that in that room that means more
to me than I try to screenshot float
plane every once in a while I I I tried
to I have a bunch of historical
screenshots of the Forum different
things change more than we realized I
think yes I sent the ones I took uh to
Ivonne because yeah I took a bunch of
reference pictures thank you you're
welcome yeah Dan just what I was
laughing at by the way was Dan just just
like slid out from behind and took a
photo of us I thought that would be cute
was funny Dan you're always
cute feeling cute right now might delete
later my screen protector goes over the
front of it so it's blurry as hell but
that'll be fun yeah um uh yeah I don't
know I I actually genuinely think it's
very important um I don't think I've
done that enough in my life but it's
something I've tried to make an effort
to do more so over the last I'd probably
say like 3 or four years um and there's
been a few times where I've even like
said it out loud to other people and
they're like what do you mean I'm like I
don't know I feel like we're kind of at
a peak with this thing not that that's a
bad
thing but I think we should like
appreciate that and enjoy it while we
have whatever this is and that might be
a friend group that like if you have a
friend group in high school even if you
stay friends with them after high school
it's different it's different you're
probably not going to see them very
often someone might move away it's not
going to be the same someone might be
that low percentage even when they do
use the thing that they have kids then
yep y uh you you might have like a D and
D group that you play with eventually
that's probably going to end not
guaranteed but probably and you should
just recognize when you're in the Moment
Like This is fun I like these people
this is good this is a good thing that I
have I this is yeah I don't know I'm
going to stop ranting about it uh
speaking of things that um I'm making
memories of remember last week I was
trying to point out banable comments and
realized I hadn't really screenshotted
any of them well I screenshotted some
for the show this week here's an example
of a comment that will get you a shadow
ban I wonder how mocking the blatantly
failing commercial name strategy of
ingredia every 30 seconds helps in any
way the consumers understand what to
choose naming choices start sucking more
than hell at 4000 series launch and
unlaunch not grown better however lmg
says we're pro consumers okay fine
deliver info standup comedian should be
for super fun channel
is cadow what are you even talking about
yeah I don't know like what actually
what are you talking about no
idea um yeah so this one's good this is
from the land Center badminton video at
5:16 I make a comment about how the
women's washroom has the natural light
because of course the women's washrooms
are always nicer what a completely
unnecessary comment like if you're so
bothered by women having the changing
room with nature lighting change it you
own the company this is so toxic and not
even true to be
honest what shadow ban nice you're
actually done you have nothing to
contribute I've just I've seen some
questions from people like okay is lonus
just like silencing dissenting opinions
no it's just like actual wastes of
characters on YouTube servers like
that's what do it's a it's like a it's a
thing you know the women's washroom is
always nicer and cleaner and smells
better because it just does because they
just take care of things like it's just
it's just a
thing and the natural obviously I know I
could change it the decision was made
that the women's washroom should just be
nicer because they're just always nicer
I thought about Shadow bands for the
people who talked about the Privacy
issue of having a window there I
considered it because obviously we're
not stupid we're going to put security
film on it like what come on come on
people but I decided to leave those ones
I decided to leave those ones
anyway bit by bit I'm cleaning up our
comment section and I'm actually
noticing a difference yeah good it is a
shockingly small number of users
contributing to the vast majority of the
stupidity in the comment section like a
decade ago or something I used to be
against that type of stuff but I think
in the modern web you just have
to yeah I I think it just is what it is
and I think honestly an argument to the
the other side is just an argument
asking for a bad
experience I yeah I don't know how do
you know the women's watch is better H
sus says AER 32 oh my God one of the
most mortifying experiences of my adult
life was in the library at UBC in
University when I
just went to the
washroom used the bathroom
came out to wash my hands and there was
a woman washing her hands at the sink
next to
me and I just left without washing my
hands which probably didn't make it
better at that
point I just hadn't paid attention I
just to get out I just walked into the
women's washroom
um was pretty bad I've I've almost but
never actually done it I've like gotten
up to right in front of the door and
then been like and then switched but
I've never yeah yeah no I I like went in
did my business it wasn't it wasn't a
busy Library it was like the it was like
the small one it was
uh which one was it Ivonne and I used to
go hang oh yeah and Ivonne was there
like I I I I left and came back and I
was like completely red and so I told
her immediately like uh okay don't take
this the wrong way but I just checked
out the women's washroom hey nice
washroom you guys are doing great yeah
uh it wasn't a labeling issue I just
completely spaced 100% um I have to
redeem myself at Super check so we do
have to start getting through some of
these merch messages at some point Luke
beat me last week and I'm so upset got
him overtime game five of our five game
series they're really good games they
were really tight games hard fought
games what I did I win the first two or
was it one I know you won the first one
I think it was I think you did win the
first two and then I came back yeah and
he came back and took three in a row
yeah think so cuz the first game was
like really close or something then the
second game was I don't think it
was then I came back I think I don't
remember anyway
yeah yeah I should have noticed there
was no urinal
though
yeah people say that but I don't know if
you're if you're spaced enough if if
your head's somewhere else thinking
about somewhere else that you walked
into there in the first place are you
going to notice the Ural thing I don't
know
yeah all right let's see what else we
got here hello D with a land Center
coming soon will we be able to buy LT
merch and other cool stuff from the
Creator Warehouse there thanks for the
Cool Tools uh there'll be some stuff
there like I would imagine we'd have
water bottles and stuff probably but
it's you might as well have at least
like a couple screwdrivers and backpacks
screwdrivers and I don't want it to seem
weird like it's a badminton Pro Shop
it's not a screwdriver store that makes
sense we do want to do a physical
location at some point but like I also
don't want it to just look like a weird
LT garage sale you know yeah makes sense
um like I could see like LTT has uh like
uh like athletic pants and St like we we
would totally have those there but
beyond that no I don't think
so hey lldd what are your thoughts on
the Apple Air tags now that they notify
a thief they're being tracked had my LTD
backpack stolen last year with one in it
and never got my stuff back so I only
found out this week that as an Android
User you can ping any air tag that has
been like near your phone recently or
something like that so Ivonne discovered
this she was like yeah I had to used my
cuz I I threw an air tag in her purse
because she went through a period of a
little while there where she was just
like leaving it everywhere and I was
like okay well this is getting really
inconvenient trying to track down where
you put it on the security cameras and
stuff um like she's usually really good
about that stuff but we just she wasn't
getting a lot of sleep and she just kind
of like she left it somewhere like twice
within a few weeks or something like
that and I was like okay this needs to
stop happening so I threw an air tag
that I happened to have cuz debrand some
went over for some sponsored something
it had a line of meme face on it checked
it in her purse and I was like okay well
just let me know if you need to find it
and I'll have to grab the utility iPhone
cuz neither of us daily drives an
iPhone and then this was I don't know 6
months ago or something but earlier this
week she goes oh yeah I had to use the
air tag for the first time I'm like what
do you mean use the air tag how'd you
use it I don't even think you know where
my iPhone is and she's like oh yeah no I
just go into this thing and you can see
recently connected trackers and just
beep them like you obviously can't use
um UW whatever it is the like the super
super D uwb I forget what it's called Uh
but you can't you know just point it and
you find it you know to within 30 cmet
or whatever but you can you can ping it
I was like oh okay interesting so it
seems like over time Apple has gone from
sending an occasional notification to
you can actually like Ping the thing um
what I will say is this is true to the
intended functionality of the device it
was supposed to be for you to find your
own thing that you misplaced it was
really useful for anti- theft um I they
don't want it to be used for stalking
and stuff though but I understand why
these changes problem have been made
yeah
um yeah man
I I get it I understand why they had to
change it but for the law-abiding
citizens this is one of those things
where the Nar do Wells wreck things for
everyone if just if nobody used them for
stalking totally this wouldn't be a
problem and you could just track your
personal air tag anywhere you wanted
anytime you wanted and it sucks that it
has to be like this yeah this why we
can't have nice things D Martin mhm on
that same subject that's a great segue
um I love this is a great take on um a
comment I get a lot hey lonus I've been
watching since elementary school when
you didn't even have your own channel
yet and was always wanting to ask you
why you're built funny it's just a very
strange why I'm built funny like do you
mean physically like my build
you could be taking it so long so many
ways I live in your walls why are you so
weird I I often make that joke when
people walk up to me at a trade show or
expore or whatever or they're like I've
been watching you for 10 years and I'm
like really I didn't see you it's great
that's horrible have fun with it I know
I love it it's it's yeah this is great
uh built funny um I have kind of wide
hips for a for a male for my for my body
type the fashion team tells me that
um robust child birthing hips it's good
other than that U you know I'm kind of
short but it's all in my legs my torso
is normal so if I wanted to get that
like height enhancing uh surgery I would
actually look quite proportionally sound
you can't play sports anymore at all
well like I'm sure you at all could do
something but they definitely say like
is it because the bone structure is not
as strong or like what's the reason I
would assume that it is not as strong as
it used to be and probably it messes up
your muscles a little bit but yeah I
don't know if you guys know I thought
you could recover from both of those
things if you're short you can like have
your legs broken and then they like pull
your bones apart and they brace them and
they like grow back together or
something it's it's it's wild surgery NS
you uh you won't be able to play sports
because you would be too
powerful here's one for Luke while you
go through some of the potentials uh
what is your favorite have to throw
me
oh my
goodness Luke what is your favorite
build and slay the Spire I always love
when a shiv deck can come together with
the silent h that's kind of funny that's
one of my favorite builds in slay fire
uh all my favorite builds are going to
be not all the majority of my favorite
builds are around the silent the silent
is my favorite one by far um I would
probably say that honest ly I prefer
poison over shiv but shiv is fantastic
um they're both very very good um I find
both of those very fun another one that
I like is just raging super hard on
Ironclad and going full strength and
just trying to like one to two turn
every single combat and if you fail you
die that's very entertaining uh so those
are my three favorite glass Cannon I
think that type of thing is called yeah
yeah cuz he's often built as like a a a
block machine so he just like defends
like crazy so you just build him in
completely other way which he is also
built for but a lot of new players won't
go for he just go strength super hard um
yeah hey dll I remember an old LTT video
about haunted Hardware which had fraps
working on Vulcan when it shouldn't have
been aside from that what's the weirdest
Hardware thing you've seen uh recently I
wasn't able to play back video on my
machine at home it turned out to be uh I
needed to reinstall my AMD drivers but
even with Hardware acceleration disabled
that would barely play anything it was
it super weird I wish I I wish I'd
recorded it cuz it's the kind of thing
where you tell people they're like oh
yeah but I'm sure it was easily solv no
it was not easily solvable Everything
YouTube twitch uh local media players I
justd I couldn't play media um I man I
don't know I've seen some weird oh oh my
uh my old boot drive for my system one
of the reasons that I was like okay just
it let's reformat this thing was
that um Windows hello will not work I
cannot change my password it's it's it's
just like it's just it's just broken I I
have a I have a webcam that supports it
and on the fresh install it just
immediately worked the way it's supposed
to but there was some weird
authentication thing where I was using a
local account then I was using like a
work account and then I was using my
Hotmail and then I something something
it's just it has no idea what's going on
it's completely
broken um I I think my most modern
example at the very least is when we
used to do remote calls for the W show
um um we used to I'm talking like within
the last the most recent one that isn't
the current one we're using uh we used a
system called ping. G from from Theo
which was great
um he
said I think afterwards I don't remember
I I know he said it afterwards I think
he might have said it beforehand as well
that it doesn't work on mobile um but
when I was in that airport in Serbia and
I had to call in for the W show I did it
entirely through my phone on mobile and
it worked flawlessly the whole time and
I remember I told him afterwards and he
was like that shouldn't have
worked but yeah it was it was Flawless
so that was kind of fun it was also
really important that it worked at that
time so I'm happy that it
did oh no uh oh yeah what's your
favorite janky cooling video on the
channel one of my favorite
series favorite janky cool
this one holds a very special place in
my heart I don't know why actually
because there are other ones that were
more fun there were other ones that were
more visually interesting like when we
used water to cool a heat sink uh like
we we used put an air cooler and we just
poured water through it or like the fire
cooling that hacksmith came out like
we've done so many janky cooling things
we put the computer in the fridge which
obviously didn't work because obviously
that won't work um but I don't know why
but this when you ask that question this
is the one that stuck out in my mind
baby
Alex building the world's shest
mold oh my hold on hold on those are the
failed attempts just a
second oh my God I have not seen this
video holy crap I remember this but it's
so old so this is it in order to get it
mounted to anything uh we basically had
to just cut
one I love this this is it Mount cool
the CPU with a this channel seems cool I
should subscribe um yeah it didn't work
at all pretty much it's a complete piece
of sh I think Alex still has this next
to his desk I would keep that forever
keep that forever that's beautiful
amazing memories Man
Memories
uh I run into a lot of issues at my
company around poor communication as
someone who is Le here do you work
anywhere yeah as someone who is leading
a team are there any ways you have found
to combat this the roles here are all
work from home as well oh God please
please email us if you
know if you find out save us please if I
do the answer I'd be writing a book and
I wouldn't have to work here anymore
yeah if you find out sell it to the
world and become a trillionaire
so I think the answer is no
communicating with a large group of very
different people is extremely hard how
people take a certain
message is going to be very different
depending on who the person is when they
receive it all that type of stuff also
some people will just uh not be very
interested in reading messages from
certain uh messaging apps so there might
be people that prefer to read messages
from something or another thing or
someone who ignores one type of
routine email maybe that you put
information in but they just don't think
it's normally very important to them so
they don't read it moving moving forward
etc etc etc fun fact on our Monday
morning meeting notes the first line is
actually Monday morning meeting is
important you need to read it or
something like that and I'm sure I don't
remember the wording cuz uh he doesn't
read it cuz I can't see it anymore
because it's always there there's no
there's no work around for that yeah so
like I don't know man it's uh it's a big
problem and I I think being
too angry at your own company about it
is not going to get you anywhere because
if you leave that company and go
somewhere else you're going to run into
the same problem so have fun is it good
to uh yell constantly at your direct
manager who sits across the room from
you yeah yeah does that help it's a good
Strat does it make him less stressed I
say go for it yeah Do It um and that he
is powerless to make any changes no I
make some he has power yeah don't kid
yourself he has power if he's not
changing something it's cuz he doesn't
want too I will continue to yell
then no I'm just somewhat fair enough I
can make changes um it's just you can't
fix communication completely you can
make efforts you can try to improve
things when someone that helps a lot if
both sides are making an effort you can
get a lot done yeah and like part of
that is going to be like if if you
notice a problem with with some form of
communication that's happening voice it
make sure that you are also not a
communication problem or as much as you
can um and just try to understand that
it's going to be an issue do what you
can to mitigate it uh do what you can to
improve things if someone comes to you I
think you mentioned help leading a
remote team if someone comes to you and
mentions the communication issue uh try
to act on it best you can um I I find
layering is helpful so um and I I don't
always do this perfectly I also have my
own communication issues don't get me
wrong um stop
it but try to do it multiple times so
like if you say something vocally in a
meeting try to have it in text as well
um if someone received something through
an email uh that that is important yeah
they received it but they might just not
read that email or something um copy it
out put it in another chat uh tag people
directly require reactions this is
something that uh oh I love that I have
adopted that in my entire life and all
my Dev circles it's brilliant uh Dan
from the labs web team started doing
this with his team and then I copied it
in every scenario I possibly could um
which is like when there's a PR um if
you see it you have to react with the
like eyeballs reaction um and if it's
good to go you have to react with the
check mark reaction and it just means
that you have actual good receipts
because red doesn't mean anything
because notifications are totally broken
things get marked as red all the time
maybe you open your computer and it's on
that message but you're looking for
something really quickly so you just
immediately click off of it well it just
got marked as red you're not going to
see it again but if someone goes through
the effort to do that reaction you know
that they actually saw it so if it's
important enough you can require
reactions and then you can check the
reactions to see who didn't do it and
you can go after them directly to make
them read the thing that was a lot nice
yeah I love that system
actually uh what else how is the
struggle dealing with doing things you
love but also doing it for a living and
the livelihood of others is it a is the
burden ever too much it can be
exhausting um like I I still haven't
tried the wireless Vive Vive U index
adapter I got it plugged in it's it's
charged it's ready and I
just have been I've needed some
decompression time when I've been at
home lately instead of tinkering with
tech sometimes it's all I want to do
sometimes it's it's it's nice to have a
break and
uh even though it's I'm really
interested in it and I I want to know
how it works I just look at and I go
right but before I can do that I'm going
to have to spend an hour just like
fighting with it I'm going to have to
take notes while I do it which saps a
lot of the joy of the discovery yeah it
makes it feel a lot more like work it's
tough it's tough I don't I don't have a
perfect answer highin us in team you
always say not to pre-order things but
what would you say about pre-ordering a
framework laptop I actually did and
can't wait wait receiving it I would
tell you the same thing I always say I
would say don't pre-order things if I if
I were to give you a different answer
just because I was an investor in the
company then you should never trust
anything I say ever
again hey lldd has anyone tried to use
the s24 AI image search on faces for
example lonus would it find the LTT
store mouse pad memes LinkedIn what
about other people with love the guy
that Luke signed his word
1997 I have not tried it but that
actually sounds kind of
awesome hello W.D first M matches hold
on I'm actually thinking of getting one
I really like it I did an unboxing for
short circuit that went up today um s24
it looks kind of sick I still hate whole
punch cameras but obviously I'm not
getting away from that anytime soon um
you can with this phone the screen's
incredible what phone is that the anti-
glare coating on it it's unbelievable
what phone do you have Den I have the
Sony
uh One X yeah Sony I can't figure out
how to move the stupid back button to
the right though what oh it's just like
a toggle it is not toggle it prove them
wrong uhoh fight time it's going to be
my second Apple arcade moment of the day
it'll be
great either that or it'll be Dan's
first Apple arcade moment of the
day oh my God he's right yeah ridiculous
right why wouldn't they it's it's it's
part part of like AOSP or whatever oh no
I can no longer recommend this phone how
do they how do they like what the heck
and I get it some people like the back
button on the left that's nice I I love
that you like the back button on the
left but it is it is as far as I can
tell just like a toggle the developer of
the Android skin can just enable it's uh
absolutely part of um the top level I
use it I think I swipe from the side all
the time yeah fine I don't like gesture
like three button and I like the back
button on the left and I'm not going to
tell you guys not to like your ways just
like I will not allow a phone
manufacturer to tell me that I'm not
allowed to like my way if I want the
back button on the right then I want the
back button on the right wow okay no I'm
never recommending this phone to anyone
again well that is no Luke you don't
understand that's actually enough for me
no I believe you I I am insane at this
point I've worked with him for a while I
fully believe that yeah I have no
questions there
don't buy a Sony ever
again the back buttons Dan would you
recommend that people work at lenus
Media Group oh uh do are you the kind of
person anybody out there are you the
kind of person that would own a Porsche
like lonus and
change the blades of your wiper blades
just for the principle of doing it if
you are then I think you're you're going
to fit into the team here uh okay so a
conditional yes a conditional yes if if
that honestly makes sense Che if not
giving the user the right for a like
it's part of Android the basic thing to
be able to switch the buttons if that
was something that somebody had to
develop for or like you know Touch wiz
doesn't support it so you do your own
launcher then all right fine you know uh
but for to just not turn on a knob like
it took efforts to probably disable that
yeah in my opinion bothers me so much
man and if it's not in the debug or
anything like that like God damn I mean
I actually hate for for me like I like
when Android 11 now you got me
now got me ranting I'm I'm angry
man oh God I almost said it twice
um everything on Android is Giant now
all of the buttons are huge all like the
clock this is this is this screen has
the highest pix per inch of any phone on
the market and how's that information
density D 660 pixels per inch you making
use of that density I can't because
Android is garbage I hate it oh man
Abacus give me an abacus I'm going to
the forest I'm going to live with the
forest
things yeah see you later Dan
bye what the is this show I still
don't know my uh my meds are off now
I've
been I've been hosting it for over a
decade Luke and I still don't know what
it is there is no more faux
Quest I'm going to go I'm going to go
write an app to switch
those switch those buttons it like
intercepts your input moves yeah oh jeez
gez hello when D First Merch first time
merch message I'm so sorry man what are
some of the most cool or unusual pieces
of tech you've seen put into a PC case
for example I saw someone put a discret
car stereo into one ages ago back in the
old days people used to put all kinds of
wild things in the front of the 5 and a
qu inch Bay like oh yeah the cigarette
lighter was one just that's wow that
really shouldn't be there yeah you
shouldn't smoke around your computer the
the amount of like cigarette smoke tar
that I've had to try to remove from
computers over the years like just stop
go smoke out goes right into the intake
fan cuz that's how fans work
yeah um that's a good answer last one am
I curated we basically use an Apple TV
as a coaster with all the smart TVs so
I'm curious what is the most expensive
piece of tech the company or employees
have that does not get used as intended
at all I mean I did my thing on that
super expensive circulation fan last
week so I won't talk about that I could
talk about our 3D printers man the kinds
of things that I've seen people using 3D
printers for internally we do a lot of
really good things with them prototyping
products and uh you know creating
holders for our slates and pens for the
sets and all kinds of very useful things
but one stood out to me and this was for
a lan event of some sort we apparently
3D printed a gigantic batch of trophies
and I was sitting there
going these are the most generic
trophies that could ever have existed
could we have bought these for like a
dollar could we have bought these at the
dollar store and the answer is often
yes and it happens all the
time we will Design something that is
actually available at Dollarama well
we'll put the insert wiper we didn't
design the
trophies oh they just downloaded file we
did not design the trophies I've seen
things get designed unfortunately we did
not need to design yeah that's what I
thought we we designed I think more than
once a like holder for a computer for
our Barcode Scanner station he's talking
about me right now when I was like guys
you know the Microsoft Surface exists
you know there's one in inventory right
now it has a kickstand built into
it just use
that and that's the stuff he complain
about actually very reasonable but also
not um okay yeah that's it I'm done I
hope that Rhino isn't 3D printed the
Rhino no that is uh that is ceramic yeah
I hope we didn't pay for that ceramic
Rhino I'm sure we did I'm sure we did I
hate man I hate how much just like
knickknacks cost drives me crazy it that
thing does nothing table ball if it cost
more than $2 I it was a waste of money
where do you think it was from if you
had to guess I hope it's from Value
Village and I hope some other idiot paid
$200 for it and I paid $2 for it
ceramic Rhino what what were we saying
ages ago with the super expensive table
balls uh what about them I was just
saying I hate
that there was a whole rant months ago
about yeah just I think it was just
basically this like like knickknacks it
drives me crazy how much they cost oh
was it the bit about how uh I think the
whole thing is just a conspiracy where
designers
um buy this stuff because they get a
commission ba for for the Project based
on how much they spend total so they'll
just pad it with like stupid line item
things that are like just an overpriced
glass ball that they spend $400 on so
they make 40 bucks I'm not sure because
we used to know like one of those
interior designers
oh and some of this stuff just is like
expensive I mean the thing is you go to
like home cents or something like that
and it's an $80 table B
but like this interior designer was like
well we went to an artisan who would
craft a table ball and it' be like 300
bucks sure I mean it's not like I don't
understand that things are expensive I
mean you're talking to the person who
made a solid gold Xbox controller I get
it yeah but that's a little bit
different than like a knickknack that's
an art piece if you want to think about
it that way I think of it as more of an
investment I don't think of it as I made
a solid gold Xbox controller I think of
it as I bought some gold so that's my
justification for that as for like the
Artis table B made
of I couldn't find this rhino but I did
find a $6,000 Rhino oh my God how tall
does that it's 24 in tall it's it's like
what is that 4 feet long it's by
France by France good job
country what yeah what the heck go up
Cur cursor up here right up left oh wow
by France yeah France France made it
good job France look at the other made
what is this oh it's $8,000 what is that
I had a wow all right so this is the
type of stuff that they would put in
your house I had a blast um there is a
there's a secondhand shop
okay someone at a partner sent me this
couch brand that they were like man
it'll change your life you sit on this
couch you're never going to want to sit
on any other couch and I'm like knowing
you
um this
couch is stupid 10 grand or like you're
not even close dude 40 Grand probably
closer to that range anyway um this
couch company is so far up their own
they already look like it the store in
Vancouver the store in Vancouver Luke
does not have a sign on it ah yep it if
you don't know where it is and who they
are I've been to this store you don't
deserve to be there
anyway so that looks very com they had
like they had like a $112,000 bean bag
yeah I think it was hand knit or
something yeah that doesn't surprise me
anyway the point is not this the point
is that I went there for fun because
there's no way that I would spend that
kind of money on any couch it could give
you an orgasm every time you sit on it
and I wouldn't buy it there's other ways
to get that and they're cheaper
um but I went there just to check it out
to humor to humor my RE reusability
Factor to humor my contact the danger of
the cheaper ones yeah the number of
people that say laundering when they see
stuff like this it's like no no that is
actually just their business it's not
not everything is money
laundering like how people will just cry
like tax right
off
no it's not how that works anyway um so
I went just to just to just to know what
a couch that costs as much as a whole
ass vehicle a new yeah um would be like
really nice couch great couch comy but
what I had the most fun with was
actually the secondhand store a few
doors
down okay if you're telling me I can get
that comfy of a couch there for cheap
I'd be happy while I was there uh hold
on or is this one of those like crazy
expensive secondhand stores it was a
secondhand store for things like those
couches okay yeah
while I was there I
found
this I'm
excited it's a lamp Okay in the shape of
a horse all
right it costs I can't see the bre
6,500
Euros oh and it is
oh my God how are their pictures so
bad hold on 95 how how are these their
only pictures you don't need to see it
you do need to see it it's the size of a
horse oh wow it is a it is a horse sized
so you also where the would you put
this well you also have an enormous
mansion that you need to fill with
things I guess so I would I would if I
owned this I would put it at the bottom
of my
pool
just because you can
yeah I mean that that would be
reasonable you can scuba dive inspect
your $99,000 horse lamp 5year warranty
though nice oh man sweet yeah so it
weighs 120 kg so that's about 250
lb whoa it is
2.25 M high so that's about 7
ft it's enorm
man this place just for a trip go on a
date go down to Chinatown okay get some
food go with the misses just go hang out
in this store for a bit hey do you want
to see how people live just play the how
much do you think this cost game and you
just like keep score bring a little
notepad and then play Price's right
rules and see if you guys can just just
have some fun it's actually fun it's a
blast so the I think the 100 gcks song
is just about that
lamp so uh to give you some idea of
where it is um yeah it's it's definitely
it's definitely it's kind of east of
Chinatown southeast of Gast
town uh and it's called oh
man no that's not it might be
I think it's this
one um
oh no this might not be
it this what's in the heart of an up yes
yes yes yes here it is here it is okay
I've got it it's called Carriage House
affordable luxury yeah that horse was
like half
price uh if I was if I was more of an
idiot I'd be like wow what a deal and I
would buy it um so they are Vancouver's
Premier Luxury furniture store which is
not actually quite right because they're
actually this an Upscale Consignment
Boutique so if you're not familiar with
Consignment basically you drop off your
thing and then the price goes down down
down down down down down down down the
store handles this for you until it
sells and then they keep some percentage
and they give you some percentage so
obviously uh it's in their interest to
curate the items in the store to make
sure they're offering a variety and it's
in your interest to have it sell
presumably at the highest price possible
so it's almost like a reverse auction it
starts high and then goes low low low
low low until it sells or until I think
you like come back and get it so it's
kind of like a classy pwn shop um man
it's
just that horse would be a great way to
get people in the door freaking wild
though dude like I don't know we should
we should get that horse and put it in
the lobby these lamps aren't that bad I
mean it's more than I would spend on a
lamp Ralph Lauren lamp why is there a
Ralph Lauren lamp I don't know
because it doesn't look good dude I
don't know it looks like someone put a
lamp head on like a tripod like it it
looks like it has the three legs
connecting $900 here you go the camera
tripod that doesn't look good well you
get two though they're half price yeah
too but like I'm not even trying to like
if that was $15 I like show me lamp
looks good I don't know Google lamp and
you'll probably find better looking
lamps than
these let me let me Google lamp what a
hater
hey I immediately found multiple better
looking lamps and I haven't even like
clicked in on
it like what do you mean yeah there's a
Christy projector lamp who doesn't like
that a bunch of these look super cool
they're also really expensive these are
very expensive lighting is flipping
lighting is really expensive they know
where you've been shopping for the last
5 minutes also probably that that's
probably a thing but here we go look
this is a cheap lamp that looks cool
doesn't have enough animals in
it it's not a horse needs more
tessalation only like things that are
tesselated like it's 2009 so you'll know
that I've completely gone off the rails
when I own that horse lamp if you buy
that horse that's your that's your uh
Canary in the coal mine yeah is you
buying that horse lamp yeah what if we
3D printed you
it I'm looking at some very large format
3D
printers why
uh obviously for
Content four feet tall yeah I'm into it
yeah we could do we could do a mini we
could do a Shetland
[Laughter]
lamp oh my goodness um I'm 3D bring a
horse land okay the last merge message
is uh W what was the hardest decision to
make in 2023 that in hindsight should
have been simple um let letting the W
show go for 4 hours at a time it's just
so obvious
now how long has the show gone on today
4 and a half hours all right how was it
get the out how was it so short before I
don't know what did we even do
differently I don't know you spent an
hour and a half on the first
topic well way to go Dan yeah it's Dan's
fault yeah technically look what you've
done yeah I regret nothing we'll see you
again next week nothing same bad time
same bad Channel
bye nothing
[Laughter]
D okay the is this show I
[Music]
don't all right